Sooo Manti Te'o was having a online/phone relationship with a guy pretendingto be a female -_-
this lil girl aint going to win im the king of thisshe better fall back ....
He up stairs rights now and I'm down here getting ready its aboutto go down nite nite
Shit I Am Who Am..Fresh up out of Apologize..I'm Doing It For SHAQ & My KIDS That's MY ATTITUDE THIS YEAROR MOVE THE FUCK AROUND
It's very rare that I get what I want. Now that it has happened I don't plan onloosing it no matter what
Shout out to nestboy vick he cold n that rapping sht keep drop.nthem tracks im one em
Miami BostonJames Points: 34 Reb: 16 Ast: 7 Stl: 3 Blk: 1 Garnett Points: 24 Reb: 11 Ast:4 Stl: 2 Blk: 3
Boy you can say anything you wanna I don't give a shit, noone else can have ya
3:05 when that bell ring I'm hunging my bae and running out of PSM by 3:45 I should be at housethen it's turn up time!
Wen u kall a nigga fone n he dont answer dat mean he nevagave a fuck about it
I aint tryna see no twerk videos on my TL kuz yallhoes kant twerk fo nun
that was suppose to be a tweet lol I don't how the hell I dm thatto you my bad lol
This group of 5 year olds just tried to holla at me! Lol when I told them how oldI was they scattered lol
Anybody else got one of those TV's where every movie looks super fake? They made these TV's toogood" mine is like that
who made amy dress for the finale the red one atthe end please tell me
Old niggas are foul . This nigga just kiss a stripperlike it was his wife
That kid is GOOD. saw him vs NYR. I'll tell ya as a ranger fan I'm not too excited about seeing himfor the next 10 years.
My onli wish my nigga keith was here to kill shyt I been on some fuckthe world shyt lately nbs
I JUST WANNA FUCK YO BESTFRIEND FOR ONE NITE ONLI, ONLI AND WHEN I FUCK YO BESTFRIEND U BET NOT FUCK MY HOMIE
There is nothing so pitiful as a young cynic because he has gone from knowing nothing to believingnothing. - Maya Angelou S
I'm Single And Ready To Mingle But At The Same TimeI'm Ready To Settle Down
I know I do but I'm finna go to sleep I'm too tired I been up since 8 thisMornin no sleep or nap
I Have Not Been Ta Sleep At All. And I'm Not Going TillMy Quat Kum Later On.
Too Many Unloyal People & Not Enough Loyal People ! I NeedSomeone Loyal On My Team!
Lets GIVE A ROUD OF APPLAUSE TO THE NIGGAHS AND BITCHES THAT'S REALLY SOFT INPERSON BUT HARD ON TWITTER.
I Get Jealous, I Get Mad, I Get Worried, I Get Curious.But That's Only Because I Love You So Much And I Don't Wanna Lose You Nan More Nan Less
When Kobe gets the ball, he gotta make one move and go. Dont wait for the defense to make his shot more difficult.
I really think my kids forgot I had an account. Yep I'm creeping& not a happy Momma!!!!!!
Just rounded off the last of my kids bdays, until June!! I'm proud and grateful to God. A don't have much, but wekeep it happy, no matter.
Aight let me go ahead and get dressed to this Miguel album .. Y'all continue talking about all the shit y'all notgone do while I'm gone
After boyz in tha hood came out, I wonder how many niggas tried shedding some tears and being dramatic to get a girlto give up the goods
yes theres also this black female Dr you need to check out.. when i rememberher name ill link you
so he put a status that says lonely up and a modelhoe just hit him up...
The travel channel is blowing me right now with all these American fast food delicacies that havebeen turnt up in Asia
So big Boi out here like fuck it Imma hop on all the tracks 3000 calls himself featuring onand give y'all the remix
Yes I think we should incorporate our outrage in the name.. so that thebandit knows we mean business
Atlanta fans might as well clock out.. You already know theending to this story ..."
I agree You know.. this Nev as Intro is taking up precious Google Imaging time.. Theyneed to cut this bullshit
Is that Oprah interview on right now? ... Cause she tripping if she think wewas gonna pass up scandal
Now niggas dont be surprised also if your woman counts down backwards next timeyou say some stupid shit
some people just can't accept the truth but hey he will revisit your tweets in the future whenhe's nothing getting the results
I wonder how much the person who is in charge of theobama twitter account gets paid
And he would have been like oh man my first name is Rod babe ..A.j is a family nickname and whatI prefer to be called
which are A) she was a lesbian for 15 yrs and B) she got an 11 yr oldwhich means she's had penis
you still may be able to worship at the alter I don't think the doors to thechurch are closed just yet
yeah man they still the same just more turnt up now that we all grown and theycan say what they want
This broad worked us out for an hour straight and ain't give not onewater break .. The inhumanity
Frank ocean can probably fight .. He prob been training for the moment to fuck Chris brown up .. Breezy will never loveit down if he lost
Cause a) frank writes passionate songs about men and b) breezy talked a lot of shit in that twitter rantabout odd future he deleted
Now I'm not tripping because it works for me..but all my coworkers keep laughingat how small it is
So I had to take the big weights off the ends needless to say I dropped a weight and all theguys came to my aid
I'm dying laughing. I think I bust a vocal cord laughing so hard. "... You look horrible tonight" song of the year. 
N . Nawll , Boo likee her , shee log in on his phone , she dnt like his ugly ass
I walked up to sum nigga disrespectin a female.I told him I might be a Virgin but I kno a pussy wen I see one...#fukkyhu hittin a lady for
If I can't love yhu like I'm suppose to and yhu rather get beat on by another person why bewith yhu..# yhu deserve better
If I could grow a perfect pair of breasts, they wouldsit next to my bed.
YESTERDAY I GOT THE SWEETEST TXT FROM A PERSON THAT I THOUGHTHIS LOVE 4 ME DIED.....
Ok I'm still out here .. Still turnt up .. What'swrong wit me .. Lol
Want 2 give a special Shoutz 2 my brother from another mother My G 2 the casket drop Happy bornday my G many more..
ummm..do I need to go back & read ur tweets for all thisfuckery i missed earlier?? lol
not sick. Lol just a bit extreme. Nothing's wrong with extra pair of undies when traveling.But a WHOLE duffle bag!!
Dr Haynes I live in Georgia and I would like to know what time are you on Ricky Smiley show and how canI hear u more. Thanks
bitch shutt yo clown ass uhpp im dnee tlkin if u gott sum 2 sayy.. Sayyit to my facee kk
ibknow where u from he said u know him look at my pic Ijust up of him bro
i got everything i ever wanted be she makes me better rs she better wake up these lil nigga willneva get thy weight up
Low key I do miss pat and Maurice staying here with me they use to bethe bid all day everyday
You really can't ever be just friends with someone you usedto be in love with.
everyone lock y'all man up cause will try and take ur man and u will neverknow so be careful y'all
NO ONE is immune from the trials and tribulations of life, if you think youare, just keep on living.... 
Bad GRAMMER is my Pet PEEVE!!!!!!! EVERYONE needs help from time to time grammatically, butthat what GOOGLE is for!!!
Ona phn with my grandma an he keep sayn we gon get off the phn now but thn shekeep talkn .! Come on
So apparantly Bey sang/lipped to a pre recorded tape of her version ofthe anthem at the inauguration
Love vineyard 7&8! I was supposed to have a tasting/tour there todaybut had to cancel :(
A study in delicious coffee, chocolate, bourbon, gin, pine, & pizza.Have a good night gents.
If u fuckin with me.... Really fuckin with me u go get sum girlsn bring em to me
He must not know I don't do the bitch word homie..that word causes for a coupleof teeth to go missing..
Mommie asked me to go grocery shopping with her and my grandma... Naw I'm good they bein the store for hours..
You can't lose what you never had, you can't keep what's not yours & you can't hold on to something that doesn't want to stay.
Hoes wanna know..hoes wanna show..they know a nigga name they know anigga strong (Rick Ross voice)
imma let y'all know soon and you coming if I have todrag u out the house
I try to let u pussy niggas eat its time to putu pussy boys to sleep
But that ain't gon be hard all I Need to do is pass this testtomorrow and pass my midterms
He mad He came over My House unannounced and I wasgone. Not My Problem !
I'm tired of playing the back. I'm bout to bring some fireto the game. Real talk!!!
with everything you just said injuries they still were in place to make the postseasonFiring Garrett would do nothing
if she liked the first gift thats only the tip of the icebergh igot a trick up mysleeve
If I was with tonight, I'd kiss her. Too late. (Kisses hand instead)" Awww <3 tomorrow lol
Wtf is so hard about coming to pick up a badge so your check is correct..: I'm not aboutto clock you in. Smh
Got some new lipstick in the mail and got her damn hair oils. Had me excited likeit was my phone cases
I'm what you want. I'm what you need. She got you trapped ill set youfree. Sexually, mentally, psychically, emotionally
So I'm up... But my boss said gage whether its safe for me to go to work... I'm going but I'm gonna takemy time...no time for accidents
Older the berry the sweeter the juice... Man it's the blacker the berry the sweeter the juice. Well yea sheblack then a muhfucka too
I mean if I was Olivia I wouldn't do the record either but she gotta know even after last season her musicisn't going anywhere with
I know how to work the system the clothes I bring in looks better than what they haveon their backs how
Gatorade and powerade use to be so nasty to me butnow I luh Dat shit
lmaooo I had to go see this tweet for myself... It's ashame it's the truth tho
they all look good that's why if I wasn't black Iwould hope I was Persian
or go to food services but either way corporate need tosend them some damn sauce
I could accept us not being together but i couldn't accept us not being friends and nowit seems like i can
NCAAB - Texas A&M G Elston Turner scores 40 pts in 83-71 win at Kentucky; 1st SEC homeloss for John Calipari lose
My mom blows the fuck out of me at times... Fuck my lifehave to harder for? Damn
boy teya tryin go see granny, & shit. Ima see doe, imahit ur boost!" No questions
I got the jack wat else I need sugar wats dem pebblesthat be in that shit
I'm over so many ppl , I'm so shady" aye wats good" I'm at theabc store with it"ima holla
Ten dollars from a call from jail... Shit over wit... See uwhen u come home bro
I think it's a raccon or possum walkin round my house I'mscared ass shit rite now
Ppl kids name after stores aint Goin be able to spell them joints till they twelve...and write they name in cursivetill they like 20 smh
2 for 10 at Fridays be so clutch for the quickness cuz fast food joints want10 dillas for some trash
Ppl plates on the gram be lookin like some straight trashkeep that shit in house!!!
I jus call boo and she finished Skool she drink andshe smoke my reefer too...
Bout to see like 40 plates on the gram get meheated I'm starving like shit
Boaaaa, u got TWO DIFFERENT FEMALES TEXTING YOU.... SOOOO IMAA HAVETWO DIFFERENT NIGGA TEXTING ME.
70 degrees in Nashville. Bout to take a trip to and then heading to get my drunk on. After thatI will be at .
Continuing the same way, they announced the arrival of my train after itpulls off, so not happy
Females be get they self into street shit but wen somebody put pressure on theyass they tell the police
A.J., have u ever thought about leaving TNA and going to the WWW? With your skills, they wouldn'tknow what hit them.trust me.
i had no choice ! Like i was already all into the tvand couldn't look away lol
When I see a pretty girl with weave its the equivalent to a girl seeing a dudewith Beijing in his hair"
It's funny a watching niggas go thru problems like I do but it's not funny when I gothru shit fuck it tho
Fellas call dat single chick dats been sitting outt all cuffing season, say u gonna shovel her snow, ring her belland kiss her in mouth
She gonna have to make a decision right then and there...Kiss in mouth withass grab...or no snow shovel...
Soon the none basketball playing in LIFE clowns are gonna say Griner could play NBA ball...when she couldn't makea D1 or D2 team.
middle age buddy dat shovel dat ish for his whip and had a bad day gonna be onsome bus driver ish lol
Sadly so many HS has crippled these players academically that evenJUCO is hard for them...
tell em what happen to the mouse n the house the VERY next play tho (den askwho won ALL the games)
U eva bump into a nigga yo age and he STILL take Gang banging serious? At what age do a reference of another gangNOT make u wanna fight?
Dear Greeks, If by 30 becoming a member of your org is ur greatest achievement...Udon't deserve ur fucking letters.
I swear when I get out this rat race imma be taking middaynaps and going to chiropractor...
Ladies, the older you are in the "game" the more Bullshit urgonna have to sift thru...
Sick of going to this dealership for random lights going out...BUT I do lovea free truck wash. *bling*
1/2 of what you want > Zero of what you want.But its mean if vocalized
Bill collectors take fractions of debt on the dollar sometimes...and I don't expect u 2agree about the RS ish...
Fucking WhERE?!!!! T So its a store that will sell U 4fifth of Patron for 49.99
immediately go back to hotel and hope u aint got TOO many jerks on ur team dat playthe replay on they ipads.
Shame on ALL you women that has sent off the Shape Challenged womenof the world...shame on yall.
On way 2 gym to sweat the rest of this bug out...can't beconducting workshops looking all sick
we aint going for that fam. My kid gonna get ALL the cool shit...cuz Daddy and Mommy workshard as shit for it.
yea u know with groupon they jus give u dat breadback to get sumthing else...
Sooo the other business units sending emails to IT while wein conference cuz they out...smh
Kelly is a Fast ass Heffa...and we love it! Let her set dat poon out...We lovingher direction right now lol
it doesn't work when u work everyday and dem bums sitting in ur hood watching YOURshit u worked hard for.
Can you do what you doing right now...3 years from now?If not your wasting time.
I can actually beleive the stat...i was just wondering who tooktime to take the poll.
Everytime I ask for a cup for water at a fastfood Joint...I alwaysfill it up with pop
I hate the lil sign on my phone dat says I gotta Voice Mail...I hate the red lite on my workphone when I gotta Vmail.
I'm more of the service at a soup kitchen..Paint a School type of Community Service kindaguy...I'm not a role model.
I been on auto pay since foreva! Got some 1percent inapr deduction cuz of it.
I couldn't do shit but laugh...she was dead serious and smiled in my face like "yeanigga u see it" lol
Den she so gangsta...she ends convo looks at me for little bite denopens up this bible pamphlet!!!
I didnt speak on Lillard cuz i made no reference to him.i spoke on AD and Barnes.and Barnes like i expected isgonna be a good pro
I said AD wont be ROY and Barnes was gonna be a Good Pro...and Game wasmore suited for the Pros
that's a recipe for disaster. A woman that won't shut up or sit down. When is that ever gonna getwins? Its less extreme ways.
we can agree 2 disagree. But I'm no advocate to any woman thinking its ok 2 neva shutup and have a seat...
I think every Married woman on my TL is nodding they heads...while thesingle ones aint catching it.
if everyone calmed down before making a decision a lot will be different...But to be fair a woman fussingis annoying as shit lol
let DJ come home and tell me all he did was watch Videos with a Sub and every 1in class aint got books.sheeid
Sometimes dudes holla at chicks dats not that cute cuz they hope she like super attentive and domesticand got untapped good poon.
are u trying to say that getting a white woman will help u be great ifyour a black man? lol
how is that funny? Maybe interaction with you is more immediatly satisfying that those causes...weall aint self righteous bruh
it helps by showin u can be responsible for SELF and thatsthe 1st step before unity.
and thats just one scenrio....its a mille more...hence why the bases shouldbe ...BE A RESPONSIBLE PERSON..Period
how do u understand an analogy and not at same time? Ok lemme try this...ur not a dad...do u think u can speakon it 2 a dad?
was showing all types of baby thigh meat in HS now her future kidscan't be alil fast lol
Ladies If u EVER used the line "I'm 2 much woman for u anyway" to justifyany argument...U a Fat Girl.
Attn is a helleva drug tho...and goofy mogs is raising the priceof it faster than Gold.
I'm convinced dat Hova lack of thirst, own bread, style nshit made her look over his camelface. Chicks are less shallow...
repeating the last 3 words of my questions back to medoes nuthing ya know lol
It can pan out tho...but dat later in life leap of faith shit is NOT the groove...fuck around andbe damaged goods by 34
no country for chicks leaving bread crumps for the ppl theyREALLY wanted to be with
Pho craving, Mekong Delta closed Mondays so I made faux pho w/ ramen noodles (all eddies has). It's notDelta, but i'm pleasantly surprised.
oh i dunnno, maybe they are. But they are usually closed mondays, which iswhen I usually want pho
Just had a great conversation with old baltimore about how he used toget drinks at the Stafford.
there should be an en fuego documentary. What was in that burrito thatmade it taste so good?
With that being said...what do i want more, a nice body or nice hair, cuz it's clear ican't have it all lol
I might need to break out the creamy crack i been trying soodesperately to stay away from
Im all for my ppl leaving Chicago. All I ask is make it aplace I can visit. .
Just found out that my auntie BBQ and my fat ass just ate. I'm headed togo get me a rib
I think in going to make a trip up to Roosevelt... Justto see if anything changed
I was a little cranky lol. I haven't been gettin any sleeplately but I'm str8 now
So he said he was going to call me back sohe can get on IG
Did anybody hear Momma Dee commercial on 107.5.???? Why did she say "Whenever I'min the State of Detroit"
I'm a full time worker and a full time student.... Do I really have timefor a boyfriend.??? Uhhhhhh.... NO
My cousin texted me yesterday and asked me when I was coming back to Florida. I told her sooncause I need to gtfo
Reading through Neh 12 this morning with my man, Joshua. He spit up while I was reading the names ofthe priests & Levites. Hmmm...
Don"t miss the kickoff of our new series The Red Letters! 9 & 10:30 this morningat Greater Gresham Baptist Church
's message "I will give you rest" must of worked last night - found stress ball under a chair inthe worship center this morning.
"Spire installed on New York's One World Trade Center brings it to 1,776 feet, tallest buildingin Western Hemisphere." -- CNN
if you everhave the time to message me back because everyone says I sound like the both of you when Irap just want to talk
that moment wen sumone tryna talk to yhu ....nd yhu tell them yhu a lesbian nd theytry even harder! like wtf.!
Brian would you consider being in a long distance relationship if youwere interested in that person
I been waiting on a new debit card all week! Seem like it goes slower when they knowyou got money to spend
Whenever ppl lose too much weight too quick ppl automatically think one of two things. They'reeither smoking or sick lol
It's gon' be 93 degrees today! We just skipped Spring andwent straight to Summer smh
I can't just go eat pork like I used to. It's been toolong. I get the point
It's bout to storm. They interrupting the tv shows. Y'all know mytheory. Lol must be serious
I see now why ppl just get cheese pizza. It's wayless work... and safer lol
I can be a crazy bitch. I'll admit it. But I can alsobe the sweetest person, ever.
Mind at peace every nite, that means something to many with themost unsatisfying commitments to make.
just got done listen to that junt . had that shit bumpin inher lil whip . .
Sex: it's between the two people, respectfully take advantage of each otherfor those couple of minutes
Nate is 5'8. Bron is 6'8 of course he will hit him in the face. He's under him. TheNBA is so fucking gay.
One thing I never was, was afraid to approach women. It be a lot of single bad chicks out herecause niccas can't speak. Simple.
Why Mother's Day gotta be the day after Graduation I can't shine for 48 hours lol jk Ilove my mama" lmaoo petty
If that all it takes for him to be done then it wasFORREAL in the first place
I guess not celebrating her b day cause she hasn't saidnot one thing about it
idk what the nail shop be doing either cause when I let someone else dothem I still have some
Chan mad cuz the Lakers not in playoffs...I wonder who he will cheerfor when Kobe retire!" Lmao
BeeJay a mess. I know a couple females that need todo a "big chop" ASAP
I was like O_o "oh, that's nice. What's that?" She was like "a 3 piece chickenwing and a biscuit" lmao
lol sorry. Haven't had my coffee yet. I deserved that. I assume my rainwill consist of Canadian pennies?
I think a couple of burnt hot dogs and brats shallbe in my near future.
yes. My humble opinion though. Mos Def "Thieves of the Night"verse is up there too.
seriously though, we often confuse arguing with debating. I feel that men/women don't debateenough and argue too much.
I can't even yell properly. My voice cracks. Smh" just stick your finger in yournose. That wins most arguments.
what's the classy ratchet move for this evening? I only brought myratchet personality with me today
I don't even wanna give her hell her jokes too lite" your jokeslighhhhhht DICKHEAD no neck ass
And If She Trynna Tell Me Im The. Only One Thts Hittin I Say Wht About Them Niggas SheSay Wht About Them Niggas
Paul George ain't bout that life 4real tho" u crazy thatnigga go hard bro lol
Everytimee They Together She Open Her Mouth To Say "The Way He Had Me Feeling " Tf Kindaa Way DidYouu Have Her Feeling ?
Literally tho,Leonard is the only player who looks like he can keep up, theball movement is looking AOK
Females only like me because I pay them no attention apparentlyy'all like that stuff *Shrugs*
Nobody I know is up thee dearly morning so I choosenow to reflect on life
Fact that we pour ourselves out to twitter just goes to show you that we really just need to get our problems out butto afraid to say them
Cats be like son my first time I ha an orgy with like 10 bitches and they all came 3 times and I ain't evencome I swear to everything
I been telling y'all from day one Knicks are not that nice they just havebetter players than most teams
I was saying that they don't listen to you and just keep saying how u not a true freak even thoughu told them u not
Lord Forgive me...he knows I love my friend dearly, but I do not agree. If ulike it, good for u!
-Please tell me that fool Stevie didn't ask that dumb chick 2 marry him! I hope it's 4 publicity becuzthat 2 serious 2play with
We been beatin shit lately & we ain't playin round this summer."y'all betta get sum straps cuzshit gettin real lil bra
You fuck with me I fuck with you..I will never lie to you..gotts be honest with yaself that'swhat make it tha truth
Getting MicroBraids in my head full I hair took all night yesterday and gonna take all daytoday only some will understand
If this lol boy watch another mothafucckin WWE fight on my computer ...Imma body slam his ass
Saw segment on steve harvey. I was so intrigued by your story! Perfect example of a good,God fearing man overcoming obstacles!
so lets see. Thats me, ken, wanda, aunt ree, now whos next, the hate/thirst is real
Loved last night but they should have let them perform longer. They were great ! Beena fan since the beginning!
If your girlfriend friends dont like u .u can hang it up b c theygon lie on yo ass
Wildest field trip since my prison visits in undergrad I'm gon giveyou'll the play by play
I don't know if I'm fooling with them dogs Bro have mypressure up them salty dogs
Sprint users for the iPhone in Chicago I'm not even a sprint user but they pissing me off damn dropped calls inthe middle of great convoy
Para los gringos el 5 de mayo es la independencia de mexico, asi como canadaes su estado mas grande.
This weak ass shit over with. That's two down all that's left is the one who alwaysremains best in my book.
the screw the rangers button has been pressed, but refs just sucked. Hank let in 2 soft ones +the big guys were invisible.
Smph "Put a MOLLY in dat bitch drink nd she ain even knw it"realli like that's crazy shit!
lls dang Mann I finna in a mintue I went the sleep 11 sum this morningin got up at 3
lol shood I Juss woke up I stayed up till 11 something in went to sleep in Juss gotrite back up at 3
Money on the line I came to take what's mind clouds can't block the sun whenit come out and shine
I dropped a hot wing on the ground & threw it away last Sunday & I been thinkingabout that shyt ever since."
i just might the next female i have in bed lol" that was sooo wrong!I would sue his ass
It's almost 1:30 am and I'm just getting in from my date and I come home to my mother being gone ooooh welloff to bed I go
Hate cheap people, like naw i just came with you to WATCH you eat." Omg that happen to meyesterday I was like WTF
I got This Feeling On a summer day When you were Gone I crashed my Car into a bridge I threw Your Shit into abag and pushed it down
whats goin on? Any way i can get u to check out some of my joints andget ya feedback on em
So i downloaded kik. and saw my baby on it. "GG you got a kik?" GG:" yea daddy yoit late." lmfao.. So what Im not hipto the jive . Lol
YOU LIVE IN A FAIRYTALE WORLD. EVERYTHING AIN'T PERFECT. . I DON'T GET NO HAND OUTS. FUCK THAT. SOMEBODYGIVE ME SOME FREE SHIT.
Anybody ever experienced someone who constantly tries to make u miserable..belittle you..n threaten u ? Imaginewaking up in hell everyday
I gotta bff ..he understands me ...n wen I say I lovehimmmmm thts my ninja 4life
Soooo tall !! :) dnt really look like a bear to me but I guess u gotta wildside lol I can dig
Ill never regret demanding respect. .cuz where im from respect is everything nppl out here rude af
no its not lol and nothing just trying to make itwhat you been up to
When I wake up in the morning and stretch, I make babydinosaur noises." That's kinda sexy.
That's how it's fucking done MIAMIII!!!!! Lebron, you FUCKING beast!!!! Gohome pacers! Fuck outta heaaaaaaa
Anyone know where I could shop for Brazilian bikinis without ithaving to be south beach?
oh yeah of course it does. Doesn't mean I gave to like itthough. I'm just getting old
If you text me and ask me can I do you a favor and you didn't even sayhello first. I will ignore!
Got out the car to go in the store. I figured that was a badidea. Now sitting and waiting.
This shit is hilarious tho. When somebody calls you on your shitjust own up to it.
no thanks. I didn't read about it. Just read what it is supposed to be. Or at leastthe name of the event.
If I hit the powerball I may as well kill myself. Cause my family will beat me down mentally and emotionally beforeI can ever enjoy it!
my nephew told some lady that before. I said hold up you gonna have them thinking yamom and I are gay!
There's only 1 reason I would want to be in Philly right now. And despite what ubelieve.... It's not about you!
There was less judgement in the world.Maybe not in the same ways, but we all do wrong atsome point in our life.
Oh hell nawll black people and chicken don't mix let me get my ahh in this kitchen b4 thesedrunk niiggas eat em up!
I can't go down Auntie monkey house to watch bball dese niggas a be hollin rolltide I'll be like df?
Why is it so hard to find a 34 D bra... I'm just too picky. Not trying to lookpoint when shits are perky
so you didn't get me any?! What kind of shit is that! Iwould've sent you my address
If you have drugs in your car keep your scary ass off the road in the morning... I don't have time to be drivingslow bc I'm behind you
So Dame Dash is broke. As black people we need to bebetter with money. Myself included.
Why can't I seem to make it out of NC successfully. The devil is trying to keep me here, that'sa battle he will lose
I want Jamaican for dinner... So sad I can't have cream soda withit... H20 it will be
I think I just want one kid. So they can be anonly child like my mom
I want to get my nails and toes painted on my lunch but Ihave closed toed shoes on
You prob shouldn't have brought your newborn with you to the nail salon.... So youcan get a full set..
They also need to be 7-8 pounds straight out the womblol I like big babies
Are you at Carowinds ...lol just trying to make sure before Iwave at your twin lmaoo
Put on my swim suit and baby oil for no damn reason.The pool is closed for some ol bullshit but will be open tomorrowand my ass gotta work
grams empty out my purse cuz she wearin it to a weeding! I hope my weed bowl wasn't in there! she go kick my ass andi need it tonight lol
God looked out fa us last nite ona foe we all cudvebeen dead on ma soul
Nah people are too quick with these things they must have people on stand-by waiting for celebrities to fuck up sothey can pic stitch it
Lady at the nail salon tried to steal my nail polish,you are not loww Ming.
So you think its cute girls fussing over u LOL I'm to grown for the bull shit just no I played the games uplaying along time ago LOL
- Boy you sorry af I had to do everything yesterday when we played thehood boys stop all that..
How You Gone Try && Pop Out At 11 Some Out The Blue At That &&Expect Somebody To Come Outside
I have so much anger built up so please warning you don'tget on my bad side
I text more than I talk soo whatever all the people I need and want to talkto have iMessage sooo whatever.
Well - Mmmm-bop is gone but now I am humming I saw the sign& Barbie girl. Thanks &
Hey I know the Spurs wish they still had Jackson to shoot some threes.Lol great call coach Pop.
With my new bitch rite now I like her style cuz treat me Betta and fuck meBetta we on another level
White ppl can come together and make neo Nazi's and us blacka still fightingover blocks, streets and colors
So sick of these nights alone and now its going to be every night. I've really gotto find a friend!!! :(
Playas mess up lol but I wanted to know if I buy me a pressing combcan you press my hair
Real bitchxs dey lust em hatein niggas disgust em i see u takn em shots deybounce off em its nth
come back to lr so we csn go eat?? Lol" but come getme so I can go...
I see my phone still acting up. Folks thinking they on blocked list cause they texting me and I'mnot even getting the messages
I don't see why people be scared to tell somebody they feelingthem." < fear of rejection
Why not if everybody see what that person see mmmmm n out da blue tell me bout itlike I wanted to kno
U rite I don't kno never did kno n never did want to kno I always respected u as a woman never brought bullshitto da table yall did
I miss you to Judy come back down six u was suppose tobe here on lante b-day
This nigga jcole ji OC lol hope my man dont get caughtup for no dumb shit
Mfs wana be like Trice whole time tho. Just Tryna switch her shit up a lilpeon ass lil Thot .
At work still w8tin 4 it to slow down but glad my hang over gone curric I'msticking to jack an crown
I neva ask for Xmas gifts bc the stuff I want costwaaay too much for ppl.
She came up wit ideas and suggestions to get me out a bind and it worked. Inormally NEVER ask for help.
I say that bc I always mad D's in school, andlook how I turned out.
On the way home -_- oh well.. Had a great timewith the family !
Love is much like a Checking Account you can't withdraw more than you have deposited. And you can't give more thanwhat you have on deposit
no I heard that from somebody else I told her what u said about that other thing I juss put that withthat in is u supposed
We spoke real quick last night man.. Liking some of the beats I heard on your page.. Definitely gottaget up with you soon
My Bro Slow AF. Smh. This Nigga Lit The Wrong End Of The Cigarette... GladI Didn't Wanna Hit That!
That 1 time when u need something and its not where u put it!!!The story of my life
I missed so much good tv today...but I had a good excuse...from the foundation up tho
I hate when bitches in food service have a damn attitude. I should go back and curse thatmf out at captain Ds
omg , my baby Kellee is coming . yall dont understandhow much i miss her.
yeah just for this weekend. You'll be back at it nextweek. You always do lol.
If you have to wipe your ass more than 3 times after a shit, get yoshitty booboo ass in shower.
The White House has missiles under the front lawn and an underground bunker 6 stories underground that canwithstand a full nuclear attack
Dept of education is cutting pell grants to community colleges. They haven't putthat on mainstream media though.
people can't stand to see you doing better than them. Andit's always our own color.
Obama says our foreign oil dependence is down 30 percent but gas keep rising. We might needto call them back lol
My NIg flying in from Seattle and I'm flying in from ATL. Boutto have a good time.
This girl doesn't understand my view on why raising minimum wage would kill the economy,right now especially. ButI'm about to enlighten her
Fuck top dog give me that underdog status..Made it from the bottom tothe top so what's trappin
It's not about East or West. It's about niggaz and bitches, power & money, riders & punks. Whichside are you on? ~Makaveli~
Niggaz aint gone be satisfied till they get the package....all that ass u was foaming at the mouth overgonna cost u your life
Niggas will lie wit a str8 face, smh i dnt say ish i justcharge it to the game.
key to my success is I tell chics straight up I aint shyt and leave itup to them to decide
I am sending my grandson a Hess truck with the motor cycle because if I was a boy that is exactly what Iwould want! Thank you Hess!
When dudes say they can't fuck with a chic because she ahoe he really jus insecure
I love "Reflections". The music and Bible verses brings me peace ofmind and dreams of Heaven!
My only issue with rebound sex is that after she done with you sheact like it never happened
I just tried to check the temp on my phone it said, nukka its cold dont ask me no dumbass questions. Im just smdh
So if he was going around giving peaceful sermons and saying the same thing without screamingit would be accepted right
Imma change my profile pic today. Which fb friend of mineshould be my profile pic?
Hello Janice this is your sister who love you a lot tryingto learn how to tweet
Wat r my plains 4 dis week hmmm.....twn n Tuesday I wk, Wednesday my rest day, Thursday my family n I r goinout 2 eat, n Friday
HALT ~ never let yourself get to (H)ungry (A)ngry (L)onley (T)ired it leads to sinfulthings. In my Full flow
A cuz I haven't seen in yrs asked for a brush & my mom had the audacity to pass them mine. Uthink I want it back.
I used to think I didn't have a hobby, but now that I think about it, I guess f*cking shyt up shouldcount as a hobby right
I woke up this morning, dick rocked up...i hit the vicks inhaler cuzmy nose was stopped up...
Today I pray, Lord keep my mind focused, my eyes on the prize, keep my hands out of the cookie jar & my feet on theright path! Amen & Amen
Football game for Jayden should be canceled snow sleet whatever is comingto GA he is sick
It's been a while since I had a strong island... I need of those& 2 shots of patron
shit if that's the case I'm game for anywhere but MS! I'd like to come back this way butidk. Where u tryna go?
S/o to all the niggas that got "Goin Steady" as their ringtone for they side bitches...
need help deciding whether to pick up the Rams D or Titans D. Need a replacement for Seattle onthe bye. Please help me!
I dnt do that subtweetin shit, the shit I got to say ain't got shit todo wit anyone on twitter
My girl WON'T be going to any clubs. That's hella disrespectful. She can dance in theliving room. I got Pandora."
Brownsville too far for my tummy right now plus I have tobe at work at 2:00
Breaking News: Braves Stadium relocating to Cobb County! How will that loss of tax dollarsimpact the residents? Facility ReUse?
popeyes is slipping. why the hell I gotta wait 15mins on some damn chicken. The things I do formomma, I tell ya lls
I have so much to do but I'm afraid it will be Sunday before I seethis level of relaxation again!
I'm scared for my life , tryna get this out my headbut I can't help it
He low key is talking like Dave before he went to Africa... But Dave wasn'ta loose canon like Kanye.
Listening to Kanye and Sway... And Ye is real. Not saying he isn't. But he's also crazy. Heneeds help. And coping skills.
Girl done changed , but I knew it was coming that'swhy it ain't bother me.
I need every person in my circle on a paper getting mission if u scared to get paid getthe fuck from roun me
didn't even ask me to watch ur baby u just left n it's a whole new day n now u notanswering ya phone...IM too drove
About to charge my phone and just THINK . &&' I LOVE YALL EVEN IFI NEVER TOLD YALL .
Men ain't shit but bitch they can not take pain but they all ask like bitch fuck face they kiss my black Ass and diereal slow how about it
Da only thing I know is I have a rich appetite. Sea urchin and dolphin meat witkalamari everynite.foreign kydd30 voice. Gone
I Don't Give A Fuck Get Rich Or Die Tryin I Got My Mind Made FrAnd What Girl U Talmbout
I'm sending you a package in the mail it'll be same day delivery so the contentswon't die... hope you Enjoy
$$ money gang , TAXES && ALL $$ ... Nunn But Racks " Ill NEVERfall " ° • °
if u ain't from crescent u ain't ah hero a lot of y'all b false claiming.if y'all looking for protection.I'm out ni.run it puss.
I never understood how the ratchet hoes get cuffed while the good girls get played" ain'tnobody got time for that
My bed time is at 9:00pm but I go to sleep at 9:01pm "Thug Life" ⇨⇨⇨⇨⇨sikeeee . Fuckk a bedtime
these niggas b saying they Heroz false flagging ass Niggaz y'all ain't from crescent. No whodon't like that. Run it
I wanna wrap you up. I wanna kiss your lips. I wanna make you feel wanted. I wanna call you mine. Iwanna hold you forever
Why when I upload pics to stupid Twitter they always come out flipped to the doggone side? And it neverlets me change it! Ugh...
Pacers are going to be a problem for us in the Central, Rose better putin a bit of urgency.
The older I get the topic of booty eatin is becomin too real"mf's used to deny off jump nowthey look around for acceptance
I read complexes 30 things that ruined the internet and strugglingrappers should've been ranked higher
If i paid for season tix for anytime it would take an army toget me out that mf
I feel like if I even glance at the heat button in my truck the gas light finnacome on..."know what thats like
I have not seen any of there games but I am going to make it a point to see theirnext game some way somehow.
My Momma Said Dont Let Noboby Put U Down Cuz Dhey Anit Doin Na But Hate OnU Keep Ur Head Up
I think niggas wearing wires so I don't talk that, I think my girl is crazy so I don't beon the phone that much
Ya Boi jus got invited to the high school all star game wassup!!.." My lil bro doin bigthangs lil go get em
That just really effed up my day. And as if thats isn't bad enough its blowin that stank assdolce light blue my way
Y'all promoters can stop sending me tweets about y'all events bc 9 Times out of 10 I won't be there." 10 times outta 10
They want all their money and streaming won't cut it. Easierto sell direct to folks.
Allow me to apologize in advance for what I will do to thebathroom after Thanksgiving." Amen brother.
Bulls looking to trade Boozer to the raptors bout fucking time theygot rid of this nigga!!
Was Juss Watching the players club it slaped but i love my big sis thoshe cool cute and crispy
Uncle Charlie Wilson was the bomb the other nite no doubt you are so far right mybrother!!!!!!!keep on doing your thing
In aver had a girl do that to me cause the kind nigga that I'm ambutI wish a bitch would
I always wanted to have a girl that like basketball so we canbe like (LOVE & BASKETBALL)
We Been up all night high n now the morning Here .goingto The store bbl twit
Its like mogs wake up and say "hey I was popular in HS...I need to creatmy brand and get paid"...
I fell asleep at 6 and I'm up! Smh I'm about to force myself bk tosleep! Work n the am!
maybe he thought u as a woman should came out in middle of the nite andinvestigate before calling police? (sarcasmTone)
When ppl look at they pix of just a few years ago and pretend they don'tnotice a significant aging <
Ok, so I think im on the train with the Zeta that Became a Sgrho a few years later(yes u read dat right)
I UNDERSTAND I BE MAD TO IF BL DO SUM SHIIT LIKE THAT BT. . . .BOTH Y'ALL NEED TO STOP . .Y'ALL GOT A BABY NOW
he ain't GOTTA do ish...she chose to stay now she may as wellaccept this role or nada
but soon as you lay your hands on me that's different ima fighting you cause you disrespectingme not ova no boy
All I want is tenants dat I don't have to babysit and checkup on for my rent!
You might living in a Taliban occupied country. I hear theyreally hate seeing happy women!
Mogs take this winter bundle up 2 serious...this best time to tone up and killem when it get warm...
It's because of the cost of gas that innovations in renewable energyand few efficiency have occurred!
Been on this coming up on 10 years and it's crazy seeingwhat time does to ppl
It would've been nice if they would've told me the Praise and Worshipsong like before this morning...lol
I'm doing 2 much this winter so I can stunt forthe summer...I'm such a nigger
"Do I get a Drink with my meal?" Lol yo this can't be herfirst time in Subway yo.....
who dissed Trinidad? And why would he respond? He isn't a "rapper" sohe says (we all agree)
Good Morning!! Ask Jesus to protect you from all forms and the Spirit of "Catfish"do it right now Jesus!
Clearly this fuck my frat day...cuz lawd have mercy! Niggaz can't let me not beignant 07 during achievement week!
My Principal and half of my co workers are leaving work early to go to the Ravens Parade...?? How is thatsuppose to work yo? Lol
The principal just ask me to play some " Kirk Franklin".......? At the school dance?? Yohe can't be serious yo.....
Was asked to play the Star Spangled Banner at a Wizards home gamein 2 weeks....should be fun.
Sooo how the Sigmas feel about Morris Chestnut throwing up the hooks in Best Man 2 tho? I bethe felt great doing it
Umm first of all....people don't have strong paper plates at their cookouts....that's whyI bring the good ones!!
I know I have hella big girl slander on twitter, but yall ain't een know dat my female BFF is a big girl...andon twitter so Fuck Yall
Kobe need 2 keep gum in his damn mouth..lmao. Let me get off Kobe,he still got dat shit.
Im Honest About Shit It Aint NoReason To Lie Be Grown BoutThe Shit I Hate Liars
it took my female BFF to tell me "yea ya girl tripping but let her ride this spell out den shegonna be all sorry nshit..."
baltimore i definitly showing yall mad love cant wait for thia game tomorow prayingfor the team GO RAVENS
But I recognize shit happens and if I don't achieve it, it was out of my power den...cuz imma do everything Ican to get it done
Just cuz u wanna be cool with me, don't mean Iwanna be cool with u...
¡Slow Nigga, Whn I Dont Call Yu Backk Tht Meanz STOP FuckinCallin Me!!>> {"VOICEMAIL FULL SMH"}
she then promptly got broken up with by her lame boyfriend she thoughtshe could pressure into marriage
Hate Whn A Men Say Thy L O V E M E Cause I Really Hate Sayin It Back IfI Really Dont Love Thm...
Fuck picnics (except niggaQ) Fuck Clubs (Maybe VirgoBash if the homies peace dat out) Just RedCups and my living room
I'm not gon be in the house all day.. even if I do be stuck in this bitch,Ima be in here with
---> At work: Damn it’s only 1 o’clock?!?! At home on your day off:Damn its already 1 o’clock?!?!?"
The Fact that someone announced that whoever left their son in the car playing on a IPad &needs tocome out. ppl priorities bent
3 dudes in the room. One is a QUEEN. oh ok. What y'all doin?" We know what they was doing, but heain't gonna say it doe
Why is it! 1:30am and you paid for VIP parking and gave your son a Ipad to hold him over til your drunka#* finish having it up#Ghet
The worst thing could have ever done was to take NBQ Wings off themenu TF was they thinking
Leaving work and letting it be known I gotta Dub onwhat eva Gallon yall talmbout!
I wanted to see Chris in something a little different and more facial and head hair... But hes still Adorb!
just know Banks be on bullshit...which is why I just avoiddem for my financing needs...
YASSSS ! Turnin them good girls bad ... Well we been bad it just take the right oneto make the surface BOL
Hubby just said get out of the way I'm a cook. So I'm amove. DO YOUR THING, HONEY.
Some girls are sneaker heads, while im just a high heel head lmao if that makes sense?"THIS IS WHYI LOVE YOU. Same here.
lmfao, ummmm yessss of course. Layah won't go tho. She gets mad looking at me eat, bc she has no teethyet. my poor bby.
I wanna bell pepper , ham owe I can't finish the rest ! thanksgiving Wea are you ?"meeither I can taste it
Ppl kill me u walking around here with new shit but ur can't getur child anything thing new
Went to the casino Thursday had 11 drink and been sick every since and I have ahospital job interview tomarrow am
I get half way dressed and then I lay back in my bed so when my mama calls up here at like 7:40 Nd ask whatI'm doing I'm getting dressed
I got clothes. I got hella shit. I just choose to look like abum 96% of the time
I am grateful for a purposeful and joyful God who never forsakes us and whose works are abeautiful wonder to my soul.
Ummm Boo try to go for a gown and not club dress or "meetingthe parents" look please ...
Dear the enemy of my enemy will never be my friend playing defenselike that. Sincerely, a fan.
I asked for 2 wings and guess what Popeyes took it upon themselves to throw in the box one big assdry breast and a wing
Saying you got a girl in the club is like speaking SPANISH!!!!!These hoes don't hear that
I agree, but the finish product is always DOPE! you got it." I try brobro... Love on the love
Headed to see Disney on Ice ... My niece is so excited !She wont stop saying how Mickey, Minnie, Daisy, and Donald Duckgonna say hi to her
I knew the i was cut from was hella dif from thenorm a long time ago...
This Lady McDonald's bag ripped ad fell onto the sidewalk&all she can do was look puzzled and try to clean itup.while birds flooded to it
Too many Peter Gunzs in the World... Marry the Side Bish? It'slike riding on 3 rims
Running out on your favorite lotion and forced to use the lotionwith the strongest perfume fragrance
THERE IS NO FUCKING WAY "AsL" mean "As Hell" I refuseto think this is right!
I Can't Love These Hoes They Make Weak , & I Can't Trust TheseHoes Cause These Hoes FREAKS!!
Plans definitely changed tonight will be dedicated to Bey I will betuned into Opera and HBO
Sign Me!! im the C.E.O of My Own Record label!  .. iCan Sign Niggas and Myself!
Its thursday soo ummm Aint nobody got time for Popeyes and that nonmon-weds. Special Menu prices ...lol
Why the fuck is Senai bday tomar? My bed is the only thing I need right now"hedont believe in bdays lls
dat don't count if u gotta 9 to 5...cuz we all struggling to stay work past10 on a school nite
THE COWBOYS SEASON OVER THEY CORNERS GETTIN COOKED LIKE LAMB GRYO MEAT ON THAT POLEUNDER THAT 300 DEGREE LAMP!!
jus got a new bitch she niccceee"I miss you so much, I'll seeyou later " fo sho
I'm bout to watch game off this tequila so u know imma bethe loud nigga laughing! Lol
Im goin to a wizards game real soon and slap randy whittman and sam cassel thefuck out this roster terrible
This is fuck shit dats gonna get 49ers some wind back...Iseen these liteskin tricks before!
*sigh* every middle class nigga gonna get dat base model of BenzCLA later this year watch..m
how do 1 convince another that their RS should be a "Secret" and the otherperson agree tho??? im confused
I dislike so many of the Black Men that work downtown cuz they sooofucking lame as a whole.
Females blowin my life lls my mova aint speakin to me and my grandmovaaint speakin to me,,,females terrible
that nigga john wall ballin jus tryin see if he can do it ere nite ye step on thefloor he could had 50
money, career, etc don't knock the lame out a nig...I jus see em andshake my head down here
u aint gotta pay dat high ass price if u use (she like a Master in Taxcuz her degrees say so)
10 niggas.... You gone fight 10 niggas for yo nigga.. Suicide"I Said The Sam Thing
I Need To Stop Letting People Eat Out My House. Once You Feed ASquirrel They always Come Back.
I Know I'm Not Ugly But DAMN! Can a Bitch Get SomeType Of Affection Or Nah?
The bitching I did 2 my bank to get 20 bucks put back into my accountwas petty as fuck lol
Beloved Lavette in the love of Christ, I'm suggesting that you check your spiritual temp because yourcoming off fake and judgemental.
Sooo I picked up a Telemarketer call and 1st words out my mouth was "now see don't chuwish u stayed in college?"
Bitch sit ur ass down somewhere b4 I make u drink ur own blood I make more money then her I haveNO REASON 2 HATE! SUCKaDICK
aye JUST like i predicted...he say he noticed my bag andsaid "Gomab" i was confused
everything I have. I am greatful for it all. My family, friends, my life, love.. and thislist will keep going 
people send those one word text messages. If it is less than 5 words then keep itto yourself lol ;-) 
I only know a small hand full of cute(and slim) zetas too...so that rs between thetwo makes total sense lowkey
Texting And Laughing With A Old Friend I Missed Him So Much Glad To Know That He Is HappyAnd In Goof,Faithful Relationship ❤❤
What i also seen is Vacay pix of clearly the same place but NO pix postedtogether (ive dont it lbs)
mogs gonna be mad but yes...I don't remember Mike cooking at this kind of efficiency overthis long of a stint...
Chiaaaaa hiver de cet annee la bougo des faoncon il neige pas la cecome sa il fait froid
I don't know who blackmailed the Pope but it musta been some guys with big money and powerin world with crazy evidence.
The fucked up thing about religion is that it is based on interpretation, and people's intentionsare often biased & questionable.
These Babies are the Crack Babies Babies...and even my professional problem solving ass don't knowwhere to begin 2 help
Hello is it possible for me to review your service on and how will it works on GSMphones like the Nexus 5
In Wisc with my Geeky Developers and DBAs...awwwwh feel good 2 be the coolestguy in the building lol
U eva on train and your eyes lock on the 1 person u know u gotta steal on 1st if shitbroke out? Naw? Ok nvm
Hell Fellow Asshole greeks, What's the Name of the Iota Founderthat became a Nupe again?
Hey Fellow Asshole greeks, What's the Name of the Iota Founderthat became a Nupe again?
Lol Chaz was too funny in that last skit and were the pillows supposed tobe like 2 bootycheeks? Lol
I see ppl post on they page and it show in my TLand I get freaked out.
but to answer ur question, they did nothing to me...its just color commentary, I use to use this Analyticskill for evil tho lbs
If you really love me an cared about me you would have stayed by my side not turn your back on me ansay false shit about me
In 09 I was purposely sending chicks off cuz I knewI was doing 2 much...
Man I hate I got involved with these women I choose to b a mother of my kids there selfish and bitter! Not at firstbut ya it came out!
he just don't get it! That cockiness is what made it hard for him to stick in league(aside from lack of defense)
Its 30+ chicks in Houston right now dats finally "getting it" in they head datthey aint got it anymore...
I guess I will get a hair cut 2morrow...I'm the worse inthe winter time with this.
So Rich Dollaz is a Nupe huh? Yall just gimme way 2much ammo for greek slander...
Got 4 choppas no 9's out I'm recess you timeout I'm playing wit it you fouled out be snapping one ofmy fave rappers no lie
den if he do cook he ghey? See no win...they confused B. Theysingle cuz they Damaged Goods.
U eva seen some ish someone Stunting on, on these internets and u think 2 ur self "dats not fancy tho.."? I guess imma hater.
Damn who runs to there ex mate everytime sumthin goes wrong in yo current relationshipwhere they do dat at
Im living and learning life is full of life lessons and i will neva go down this rode again being a goodnigga gets me no where
that would fall into HIS problem..I'm more so wondering why woman view it sonegativity...other than Pictures look funny
Idk why her lil ass think she so big and bad.. But I'll cut youback down to size baby
maaaan imma order dat shitfor ONE wkend den call back and sayI didn't like it lol
you right though lol.. Niggas think the Vikings sweet! It was a good gameand Romo did his thing
as in Weight??? Sheeeid dats my old playing weight. And apparently Iwas "cracked out" den lol
in order for a female to get the respect moms get.. She would have to be the most loyal femalein the world these bitches...
lie cuz it get best results (his goal). If it was cut and dry bout sex itwould go into man favor...
but if a guy playing the "we can be in a rs" game he dead wrong if hisintentions is just to hit..but...
As I watch younger bruhz I notice the trend with the 90s bruhz and I see wherethe trend stopped with us...
I always expect the worst and hope for the best.. The easiestway to NOT be disappointed
dats some foogazy ish team! I see dem Zillow emails to...itsonly pockets of the city.
fyi dat doesn't motivate me...My normal gene pool makes me naturally fit...you lil niggazhave to work for it.
I have a FB friend dat shall remain nameless that posts pictures of thingsshe "wish" she could get...TT
I don't never feel no type of way because I'm an asshole..That's just in my nature
Liquor all on my breath.. Bitches all in my sight! Real niggas trynafuck.. Fuck niggas wanna fight
I totally knew the value of friendship before I was the bruhz tho...justdidn't have words for it.
She said "You bout to miss church." while she riding me. I said I like my sundae'swith a cherry on top!
That moment a guy moves into a chicks house and 1st time he says "Mycrib" makes me laugh everytime.
Can't get the job they WANT due to criminal and drug checks...don't have the perseverance toget the jobs dats available.
Im let my baby sleep , she looks so peaceful but if it was the other way aroundshe wouldn't let me sleep
When I'm riding down the avenue.. These bitches give me attitude, they screaming"Charles we mad at you!"
The only reason I don't like doing the dinning area is cause I hatedealing with drunk ass customers
Idk how much I could take no more.. I give you all I gottil it ain't no more!
you get less playtime than steve novak n shoot like Shaun marion. Witno handles like Tyson chandler
I got on 2 chains.. But I ain't Tity Boi! Imma dream chaser butI ain't from Philly boy
These bitches get around. Even the ones you swore didn't, they do too."Can'tput sht past these hoes
But fuck it 2 can play that game.. But I thinkI would play it better
I hate that cancer shit.. I'm not sensitive, I just bein my feelings a lot
It's an interesting point. Why do they stop the game for a semi-blavkout (that wad still very well lit), but nitthe fog bowl or snow?
Which one of y'all.. which one of y'all? Which one ofy'all going home with Moody?!
no, but i've always liked the phrase "fake it till you make it". There'sgotta be a middle ground.
I was the opposite. I got 3 episodes in before I realized the gitls aptwas outside dionysus. Good show.
I went to go run and went right back inside. Not because ofthe rain but the wind.
Hi my Tweety Birds, Nazarene mbc Youth were Awesome last nite at there midnite musical,Go ya'll&God bless u:-) :-) :-)
If You Go See That Movie Snitch With The Roc InIt You A MF SNITCH!!!!!!!
* mfs talmbout they about to pull an allnighter knowing they finna besleep in 10 minutes .
Anybody who did is a bitch nigga for being fake tellem I said that lls
I RIDE FOR ANY NIGGAH I CALL BEST FRIEND . BRUDDA . DIARY . OTHA HALF . ETC . IF U AINT ONE OF DEM I THINK U NEED TO GETON MY TEAM ASAP RNS
I hope she screenshot everything because like I said I wasjust playing the role
Why do black people think you'll remember a person if they say a name twice? "You rememberJohnny?" "No just black people
Soo bob are you with that shit? Lls! You fuck with Boney back ass Iesha beforeyou fuck with me? Respect
I wanna lick you from your head to your toes but I'm lying I hate feet so I'll lick fromyour head to you know
Had to get up and go to Church, gotta get all the sinningfrom last night off lol
Omg we had them beat an we let them come backlike this come on ravens
really?... You dick sucking like that? Smh and I bet you still ain't get thatretweet you was craving for.
I seen that bitch a handful of times how she know hoeI dress for real? Lls
yeah last year they have to drill up my nose and I will haveblack eyes and shit smh
Every real nigga know if you tryna fuck a girl.. You gon do what yougotta do to fuck her
One day I was babysitting my Lil cousin and Jason was playing tug of war with her... Shewas stronger than he expected.....
Just scene a nigga with a cardboard license plate not even in the windowjust straight in the car
Taking vitamins to be natural.. Obviously it's not natural if youtaking vitamins to get it
Today only everything half off COVER GRAPHICS.. PROMOTIONS ..STUDIO TIME .. For Pricing In YourDM Let's Make This Bread
Happy rushing to the liquor store the day before all your family shows up for thanksgiving so you can make itthrough the day day :-D
The Birds get the W! Now let's see if we can do the same at homewith the next three games.
White lady was straight leanin on the black postal lady smh thoughtI had to record it
at this rec looking for food n sips" I wish Icould come out for sips
I'm sippin now n my boo cookin so I will tell u aboutSVU go have fun boo
It amazes me how ppl won't even have a twitter but willknow everything that's going on!
Donte biggy smalls Chian faith Evans and I'm lil Kim "Lil Kim got betta pussy
My day going the opposite way I just jumped out thecar with it in drive"
big ones too" so u think u better then me huh! I'mcome through shining on y'all
If you get to feeling stressed up in your chest thinking youabout to lose! It's true
If I don't like you then that's says a lot about you! CauseI get alone with everybody
no u should only need a wash & style and it should bemuch! Do u like it?
I wanna try a caramel frappe so bad, scared imma be addicted too" yessgawd!! They are the devil
If you think I caught a feelin' when I heard about that other chickI already knew about it!
I just needed time just to clear my mind and ask myselfWhy I didnt handle him?
Y are social network niggaz so messy lol " they oldclowns with something to prove
These females owe us no loyalty unless we kno them other then that it'sYOUR MAN THATS WRONG Right
Well my boyfriend girlfriend has been takin him away from me "no minessssher lil ugly ass "
Mike just bit me in the face, he acting real goofy"o yea tell him come get his son "ard he said he coming
Am I the only 1 that wants to see the hunger games"noI do" it looks good
I don't like carrying umbrellas I rather just ... But this rain cold !out there !" Yes gawd
That Rain In Da Fuccin Way" yes it is" I Just Wish It Stop"u ain't the only 1
You didn't even holla at a real nigga ....dfl" I know mannn a lil busy !! LolI'm come pass tomar though!
I really don't know how to lie" I always get caught up or tell on myself"man I'm working on it
I just want to say that if something happens to me, know that my life has beenthreatened several times this month.
he has all his weapons now, the bye week is over. TB12and also the pats D.
just saw a Andre Williams highlight from different game. How is he different from hiscontemporaries? Please school me sir.
y'all fuckers put everything on twitter , you taking yo last breathes updating a tweet saying"r.i.p to me y'all "
You Eat Dicks For A Living, Talking Bout Don't Drink OutMy Bottle Cant Zeal
If the nigga dnt want u he dnt want u changing his number to another phone to talk to his other bitches still meanshe dnt want u! dumbass
I'm not check my TL no more, y'all talk about some of the dumbeststuff and everybody DEEP THINKERS
I always been the same ! I never changed .. People love me for it , and others stopped messing with me because it eitherway ! Truth was me
Crazy how amazing the power of the Black man is!!". You should try being a whiteman! Its freaking amazing!!!! Lmfao!
wtf yo, i just fucked my leg up in a bus accident.. stupid assdriver "sue them niggas bro
Could we be looking at a new Champion. The title would lookgood on Big Shows shoulder.
goes country.. I can't wait to see what kind of outfit santinoand khali will appear in.
So Goldberg jr. Has a challenge for anyone on the roster can wait tosee who accepts the challenge
MerrillHood Nigga Ah Bitch Cant Get the Rest Of Me Acky Nd The kitchen Ad HeFlipping Up The recipe .......
*singing* morning wood makes me feel fine-ine...... damn I forgot the wordslol Good morning then lol
They say you cant turn a bad gurl good cuz when a good gurl turns bad shes gone forever. Now I gotta live wit the fact Idid her wrong f ...
Changing lanes the opps tryna catch me im ghost on theyass lmao over turnt tonight
Pro 40:9 I have preached righteousness in the great congregation: lo, I have not refrained mylips, O LORD, thou knowest.
Yhu can call me ugly ' & i still wouldnt give af ' cause thata be dumb af !
Ok so this morning I was fine but I don't feel good atall I hate being sick.
I'm really trying to make an AU game before the season is over. UGA hopefully cause I can'tafford no damn iron bowl
I saw them by bridge street last night. 6 buses. And Ihope it ain't too ugly
Jameis Winston is the man on Florida St campus. I highly doubt he has to rape any bitch. That white bitch want money2 pay off student loans
naw fuck bama. Baylor need to lose and I don't know why Oregonis still even up there
Father God Bless you to thank you for your Prayers and WeLove you all in JesusChristName.
Hate when I come to break n I don't have a missed text phonecall FaceTime or nothin smh
Bitch Calling Niggas There Brothers & Cousins After They G Her OutSmh!!! Shit Bitches Say Lmao
Even Tho I Had Yo Gotti - I Am Album Weeks Before It Came Out... Just Got Finish Listening ToIt & It's A Classic!!!!!
BCU 29 FAMU 10. The FAMU Marching 100 is back, but they couldn't handlethe BCU Wildcat Marching Band.
thoroughly enjoyed the Tribute. We remember her fondly though we were not supposed to hear, wedid. Who will be next?
This shit crazy feelin for hope for speedy recovery! I know hegoin to take his time!
Niggas out here crack me up when they wit there chick! They try to let u know that they 2gether by grabin thereass & shit like that!
That LITTLE UGLY GIRL HOTT IMA LET HER THINK SHE DID SOMETHING SHE ANIT DO SHIT HER MAN BEGGIN ME TO STOP SO ILLDO ..I GUESS SHE SICK
I don't wanna go out tonight but it's a celebration that I don'tthink I sure miss "
School & basketball wit my son takes all my time I need a home cooked meal "what happened to u cooking??"
They only good on the grill!! I Luv turkey burgers nI want one now "
My next bitch will not smoke iont even smoke so why would I wantyo stank breath ass to
My mom has about 10 sores on her body, from head to toe, some of them so severe, that her doctor estimates it wouldtake a year/more to heal
Ijust asked my baby y she putting all that grease in her baby hair she Tom bout cuz im finna let itgrow smh grown lil lady
I really want to apologize to cuz that's wrong for me to come out my mouth and say big wildshit like that to her
Vic fuckin my old bitch nunu she acting like she didn't fuck him bitch that's my Brova u thinkhe not gonna tell me
Look out for the first episode of the Verse One Show as early asthe first week of December.
My dream last night - was at my house and rocked my daughterto sleep. Trying to interpret?
Thanks for small flat rate priority boxes. I'll remember to use one if I evership a $.99 VHS tape
dept of Commerce and insurance is a great advocate for Tennessean consumers and businesses.Glad she is in TN!
Watchin Eminem on BET and let m tell u this dude speaks his mind no matter what!! He gone give u the real all thetime!! Luv this dude here!
It's really damn cold at this game, but watching the Niners pick one offhas me feeling pretty good.
Lovin my daughter n her lovin me back is da greatest love of all.datsall da love I need!
Lonely days I can deal wIt bt lonely nights ain't wat I want...smh..I don't wait fa love,it wait upon me. Don'trush feelings,I wait to feel
Omg without makeup Yall bitches are beasts,even so Yall goes look like Homer Da Clown! Fuckin return of Daliving dead Kmsl ..just saying*
She Might Of been there from The Beginning But it Only matters who gonebe there at the end
Holiness is not through worship, meditation ,or sacrifices. It's through focus onour responsibility toward other people.
don't talk or listen. They observe and if it interests them then they pay attention."Wow this is really me!
Gonna be great her and my southern cousin think he gonna see his floridapiece lol pray for him
2 be clear NO Illinois Bruhz won any step show in Illinois in 20years before 07 did it....
I wanna thank and Nashli for setting me and my ace out to 03. Yall was making sureand we appreciate it! LBVFS
I love where my life is going. I got my eye on everyone.Everyone has a fair chance
dats cuz he naturally a fat boy...mogs don't even notice I swap out profile pixover last 6 years lol
My bro said pray for my exs sad one said she gonna deal wit a new caliber dudes aka gold digger lolmust be a southern thing
2 all the single chicks dat don't need a man and taking they xmas tree out tothe alley this wkend lol
I'm happy is shit. Dem new SHOES that just came out bout tobe on my feet!!-fck yea,,,
I been talking this ignant (but true) shit for over 15 years...but NOW its hitting home one 30scome into picture...imma chill tho
Yes I'm a bears fan. If after 9 years Frazier is not making the playoffs consistently they yeahe probably will be fired.
I think 2morrow imma tweet in opposite all day....say the exact opposite of what I'm thinking atthe moment. Who wit me?
LOL yea its rough. Just relax and know ppl are trying their best and that means a lot. Plus arent uplanning the all girl day?
yea C's need to think about the future, they are not winning withthe team they have now.
I could preach a whole sermon on mogs dat look at immediate needs andneva long term...but yea nvm
This nigga just folded chicken up .....he a beast and cantbe stop .....they gotta foul
This girl said I got her in the friend zone.... naw bitch its the I ain'tfuckin wit yo ass zone
Gimme a Gangsta Hoe one that Don't Give a Fuck andthat a Shank the Hoe!
Why Do Hood Barbers cut the best but neva on time? Its like they KNOW u notgonna fuck with anyone else...
Just when u think that things are making a turn 4the worst, God shows you that he has bigger nbetter things planned 4 u.
Aye I'm thinking about doing crossfit cuz I'm sick of seeing non hoopersrepresentation in dem classes lol
Man I just wanted to make me some cheese eggs n grits and it turn into breakfastfor the whole fam Smdh
Really gonna use this deepfryer and try out this Jerk DeepFried Chicken RecipeI got in my head...
We took Nyla to the doggie park Saturday. She had a ball! Making"friends" like they're human lol
Tierra better be glad she's having a bad day lol bc I wasjust about to fire her
2 every Aux Member of a D9 that wish they could celebrate with DST but chose to have1 letter and a Symbol.
ion trust naan bitch round my man she gotta be his sister cuzn mama or aunt cuz Idon't mind being rude !"
This chinese restaurant slow cooks these pigeons to perfection...makes me feel likethis realy chicken and beef.
How they going act when I finish this 2nd one? Orwhen I get that Phd?
2 all the club promoters that wanna capture the "greek" market but neva went to school 2understand how it get intune
Travis wants to go to a Nets game in BK. Thinking that might be afun day trip megabus action!
The amount of liquor I drunk last nite was ungodly...But I didn't have a lick ofa hangover...Thank you Patron God.
On New years i was right by my aunt house . I shouldve wentto see && Raquel .
When u have 1 of the Best Defenses in the league u always give ya self a chanceto make noise in Playoffs
online identity theft is nothing new...most times the owner of thepix never find out. Ever.
let me find out bitches on twitter talking shit bout something that happen last year. kill yourself hoe .
we got Kcups in my office...and I'm not a coffee drinker but I knowthis makes us fancy lol
Must be nice, Having someone who trusts you despite what they've heard, Someone as mighty as a lion but stillas gentle as a bluebird.
Just cursed out my lil bros for not picking up they phones that EYE broughtdem...fuckt hey think they are?!
Ive Got. . 2Tickets To PARADISE . . . , Wo Wo Wo Woo.. Wooo Wooo Wooo .
From the look of my I see hardly no one works 2day...and I nevahad this day off before.
if your point is that i dont hold you to the samestandards as my self...your correct.
I'll try tomorrow. This flu has been kicking my ass for a week now.I need a nurse! Lol!
maaaaan dat would be the ultimate Kiss my ass move...but MIAcan't afford him AT ALL...
yeah...just would help if I didn't have Ebola! Lol! Don't want to be the outbreak monkey at work. Thinkthat's how I got sick.
I'm not a PTO user unless I have some fun shit to do...I goin no matter the weather
Nicki no dag on well she didn't wanna say yes , but she was like I mind as well causeshe goin get through anyway
and when I couple the fact that I'm now paying back (paid forit) I feel nausea lol
This btch stupid af on this movie , I wanna jump through the screen& smack her ass -_-
Lil Buddy looking for Connects..I aint got any for him...all I got is same ole "work hard as shit over time and ifthey don't pay ya BOUNCE"
Kickin doors, shouting, shooting. Police called, came quick, not quick enuf. Thugs return, police called,back in seconds! 3 ARRESTED.
It aint Fuck dude...but more so I don't understand the process of Mentoring...why I gotta tell uwhat u need to do?
And AYE! Stop using my fucking Govt Name on here! That'sTwice in 10 mins! Lol
About to call it a night and catch sum zzz tired and my princess not sleepy at allplease cum get yo child
This jazz right now>>>>>>So soothingit just takes my mind off of shitthat I be thinking about
Sitting On My Bed Bored AF >>>>> Wishing My Future Was Heraaa :), But He Not -_-
I also went on "swimming dates" by saying I was goingto pool who wit me?!
U right! I did lie! aint makin it to NFC champ game. Notif def playin this way!
Only if they lose by 3. If they win by 7 then will be all about his guts. Better to do itearly in game than late.
yea but I can't see 11 months making it, NOW u need extra check to make it tho...and Iknow bout that poor life
Profound understanding. is like the incredible hulk.. take me at my best ormeet me at my worst."
All dat education and still having to suck dick in the back of the DatingGame has to be humbling...
Sideline security guard back prolly broken after such a clean hit. Somebody about tocash in on disability soon!
Ppl watching downtown has to be some of the funniest shitu can do down here.
Sideline hate? The more dominant the Falcons are early, the more likely I think they will lose. And Iwant them to win ."
Hey I'm wondering how Brady getting fined for nearly kicking a hole thru Reed? Had noprob getting Suh tho huh?
Aye I insulted ur height as a man...I need a rebuttalfor my pls and thanks
Technology is the ultimate Can be so simple yet complex. Everytime you think you figured it outthere is more to learn.
I figga if u can bring ya self to even do some hoe acts, your fargone. Eg GangBang by Hoopsquad
"#Sagittarius & have a connection that is out of this world. When they fall in love there isno falling out of it."
U niggaz make it HARD for me to leave the crib! Especially after a good workout dat got me sore...
He talking bout she must be a cover up, why is hewith her.. I was ctfu
the min his team miss 3 open shots dat he pass up for the team,ak kobe will be back
I forgot the best one was "Forever Boy".:-) :-) :-) :-):-) :-) :-) :-) <3
I maybe petty, but I count the mins I work and stay schemingon 35 hours work weeks...
. Who Is My Momma To Tell Me How To Get My Hair , I Told Her She Gt HaOwn Head , She Bold!
I wonder how many dudes getting called up to "Boo" status not knowing they beingused to Valentine Day Dates...ONLY!
we actually had a great time and was served by a nonflamboyant homosexual...patronshots only 8 bucks 2!
The Lord is good, a refuge in times of trouble. He cares for those who trustin him - Nahum 1:7
Its cute that yall have been together for so long, but it doesn't meananything if you weren't faithful
"God will keep sending the same ppl across your path until u learn the lesson u aremeant to learn from them."
Asking somebody to do something instead of telling them, and saying thankyou makes all the difference
Today is my last day drinking pop and cuttin back on drinkingalcohol.! My kidneys are bad.!
this is Olivia & I am in NOLA & Tunein is not connecting-Letme in, let me in.
When I tell Halston my plans for next few months his expressionis going to be this
this would be the biggest swerve in wrestling history. You working with the shield.Them destroying punk and heyman.
Duh its called drowning, tell me shit I don't no Bitch. You can diefrom drinking too much water."
u guys r so CORNY! Ha get it. Cause the dogsnickname is.. Ahh fuck it.
Wat y'all see us spending we can afford to do it Cus we ain'tbring it all wit us
merchhhh u can . Awee nd go talk to dhat lil bitchdat wanna fuck widdchuu !!!
That Weird Feeling When You Got Headphones In Yo Ear AndYou Think Somebody Calling You
U THINK IM PLAYING IM DONEEE ! ON STONEE IM NOT FENNA KEEPARGUIN WIDDCHO BITCHESS BOAA !
Right, Ran Script With A Straight Face To The Po Po...That Devil PunanyTurnt Him The Fuk Out...
Fuck That You Win Some And Lose Some And This Time Shid I LostThe Love Of My Life
Ik y she mad nd I hate it. I wish it was a way I cld save her. I hatehoes dat make her mad.
These bitches love Sosa. Man, who the fuck is Sosa??? And what is a cobra? Is thatthe same as a choppa?
They say Dick Clark Has a Rockin New Tears Eve but I know that GreaterHarvest is ROCKIN right now!!!!
I really don't care who u kno. I'm just telling u what u look like(sorry if I sound rude)
I keep telling you my answer but you don't listen I don't think it registers to you but if you don't wantme around fine.....always told you
You and Phadera should sit down and talk you were very good friends don't let money or a tape orthe fakes come in between.
That's a text I'm not looking forward to one of my former students lost his battle with a rare muscle diseasetoday! Condolences to his Fam!
im done with dealing with a nigga that aint mines like that chapterof my life ova "
And the final reason you know God IS KEEPING YOU IS BECAUSEYOU WOKE UP THIS MORNING!
And I'm Hitting Ya Dame,MatterFact That's Ya Main,MatterFact I Never Fucked, SheJust Gave Me Some Brain
My bitch said boy u got a shoe fetish u ain't got 2 buyem cause they come out
Quiz posted for next week it's not due until Saturday at midnight I'm an over achiever I'm doing it rightnow at the bar lol
If u hustle still got 2 have a 9 2 5 keep them laws off urass and them thirsty hoes
Congrats , you will be a beautiful bride! I still need to get to atl for a visit. Im going todo better in 13 lol.
However i dated someone who would never let me pay but he was very possessive so i agree youbenefit more by offering sometimes
I need 2 put my dam case on my phone iPonelike a new born :-(
but it will all work out in your favor in the end , if they really are your friends! Just focuson you being a beautiful
Nigga you say you wanna take a ride! Get in! I grew up on theother side! Gettin it in!
awwwwww i wish and would love to. I so need to. I was so scared. After that wreck it effectedmy road tripping. Miss u
I still got endless bottle of trashy peach Amsterdam left..lol" yess u had endlessbottles left I'm ova dere
dang homie. I want to be like you when i grow up lol. What troubleyall get into in atl?
remember Mer soccer game " yea I used to be mad ass shit outthere ya was too wild
Let the Truth be Told! ..hope u enjoyed the first episode" it was great. Im gladyou coming into your own
Torn my acl in my back my back fried tryin lifta rack of clothes smh
Haha MY MAN! Big Dante what's good wit it send me thosevideos lol"need ur number again
that's good to hear but jus hit me whenever I got the same number"awe look at this lmao
Money running from me thtz why im on dat paper chase, you betta hope he dnt run to you idgaf ima catch ah case some ofof yu niggas rap like
Heavy d eating the chicken right out the grease ctfu , talkin bout u did dat lmao" that shit burnt theroot of my mouf smfh
And fly niggas come third cause he might aint gt no money but he can still pull dabaddest bitch in da building
u let Lil Wayne hit u mind ass well let me hit for 1200wen I get my taxes
YA BITCHES GOIN IN THE NAIL SALON LOOKIN LIKE SHEEPS COMEOUT LOOKIN LIKE GOATS LMFAO
People Be Like I Kan Draw!!!!WTF This A Damn Stick Figure....Response: Best OneEver....Me: Shiiidd...Response: Nigga Fuck You
need a lockout corner josh Wilson be lunchin they cheated for you doe I locked boy up and the ball wentpass his head I died
Sometimes i wish i had never met you, so when i lay in bed at night i wouldn't haveanything to be sad about.
THIS CHIEF KEEF CD MITE BE THE CD OF THE CENTURY I SWEAR!!!"future mixtape betterlls" NAW CHEIF KEEF VOICE
so that's funny.... so u tryin to front on twitter? Lmao.... dnt denyur love for me bofl
We gettin old as shit smh lls I remember when was 9 like yesterday" wen weain't have no worries lls
"I used to be like you in Highschool, emotional, hyper, sexuallyconfused" "I'm not sexually confused!"
Yaw dnt understand my struggle, I was a tall kid, I was solddreams" u was doe smh
my computer was acting crazy and wouldn't play it but I'll listen to itbefore I leave for work
raven dat would ben yo last fight girl idk wat type of bitch u think i am butbby im far from scared
thats y he came bk but lol he loved u more lol n no boo now that wr togetha he aint inbox or tweet no bodylol u mad he left
Rotflmmfao Kd screaming " Do Yo Dance On My Dick Ooo Baby I Love It!! " Lol My Momma "Kd stfu " Dying Laughing!!!
My classes for this semester all seem to have A-potential. Ijust have to keep focus.
lol mane nun trippin of theze hoez OG she said she'll fuck my nigga to mak me mad, dats wat i wnther dumass to do anyway
Oh my gosh, yes! The rain and cold weather has keptme from the band room.
Lord help us. Well if so, it won't be in my room. Ilike silence while I'm sleeping.
I HAD TO QUIT SMOKING WEED A NIGGA WASNT GETTING NO HIGHER AND I DONE BEEN HIGHER THAN HIGHBELIEVE THAT..LMAO OVERDOSE STYLE :-)
I swear I hate stuck up people like they act like theybetter then everybody else smfh
Im talkin to my friend about the whole situation and hemakin me feel better =)
I'm off work!!!! Yessss and I got a friend coming to visit ANDoff tomorrow!! WHERE THE HOES??
Don't judge me. You can't handle half of what I've dealt with. There's a reason I do the things I do, there's a reasonI am who I am."
Had to change my avi cause I had a bottle in my hand..Idon't even drink no more..
Funny how people only pray and go to church during hard times andstop when it's all good
Can't wait to get off...5 o'clock cmon me and my homie getting us sum good food and good drankand talk sum shit lol
I was thankful for all the cuz I feel more smilesin 2k13 bigger and wider
What's the deal: Alicia Keys sing the National Anthem and Beyonce soon the half time show. Mytv will be on mute
This is the end of wk 4, so you should have $10 saved. Nextwk, you will save $5
I'm the newest member of the clothing brand... 2k13 stay tune.... Dropping crews nextweek.. Check out to preView
man you a lie...I aint seen you since July 6, 2011...soI kno u flexin lol
, l miss you likee everyday wannaa be w. But your away, l miss you missinn you insanee but if I got w. Youwould it feel samee samee
I'm giving what's giving to me, either my All or youjust another face in the
, by mysidee i swallow my pridee your lovee is completee it knockss me ritee off of my feet … can't explain why yourlovee it makess me weak
PSA: ion got Shiz to do w/ nothing that don't concern the well being ofnever been the talking type
Tf ' &&& if itss on my pagee you mustaa been twatchinn me hard clappinn your gumss bout somethinn l saidit aint in my tweetss
War, Prejudice, Molesters, Liver-n-Onions, Nuclear Weapons, Parents Fighting, Taking Naps &The very thought of death:(
Who wants to go out to eat wit me??? My treat! " TUH PUH nowcan't pass up the 99
I saw you on WW TODAY, you one classy lady. Congrats for making the Ebony cover,that is a beautiful cover.
Up watching NBA TV... This nigga Isaih is boring as hell. He need to stick to coaching or beinga GM or some shit...
It must be hard for chics they know when they deserve better but can’t tell when he just triflingor just needs some space
Muthafuckas must be smokin, dat la la la or crack, 45 gun smoke choke off dat, lets get back to the musicI ain't with all that
that's how I felt when u asked me how I spent a whole 50$ ofya money in Greek village
Maybe one day ill post one of my written works show y’all the more intellectual siden just my ratchet one
Ok so got Catfished... He asked the girl to come seehim after several phone conversations
man so much behind it though long story we talk tomorrow but felt like I was letting mysorrows go on them weights
Chics wanna go to the club get sloppy drunk have random make out session then wake up in the AM like theywant a relationship with u
lol I went 2 days without it ordered a new card same day I went out drunk n felt it in my boot whenI was walking lol lol
aye KID idk who house u be at sitting all over theirfurniture and shit lol lol
cats really gotta run a mile at the gym take off drinks lotsof water just to survive
This lil boy in the salon just hit me so Iclipped him and he cried
wassup it dnt matter and wat type of setup the video gon be inor u dnt kno yet
I have a lot on my mind about wat is in store for me this year n in the future. Neverbeen hyped up like this.
Happy Founders Day to all lovely ladies of Alpha Kappa Alpha Sorority Inc. Hope y'all havea great day of celebration.
The fact I have the chills and almost fainted is crazy. I really must be a lilsick or ain't liking me
If a woman got on a matching Bra and Panty set on when she take off her clothes she knew shewas gone let you hit
We as ppl should spend less time hating on the successful and more time trying to figure out whatthey did to get ahead
This lil ninja just said I'm so disappointed mommy .... handson head and everything lol
Since U Left Me Make Sure U Don't Come Back NomoreI'm tried of waiting !!!
My baby doesn't feel good so that means no rest formommy...pray she feels better soon
My daughter is spazzing out over not being able to have candy all day. Lets me knowI made the right decision.
i cant relate to dis shyt doe.. i dont know how tomake cocaine.. idk a cuban...
Niggas dnt understand stop tryna be bout that life cuz being about thatlife can get u 6feet
when guys say dumb shit to get attention on Twitter, can we just callit a ? Yay? Nay?
Hoq do u stop five black men from rapin a whitewoman? Throw them ah basketball
so I'm at this juke joint and they played the song when Dariusand Nina were Chicago stepping.
Thundercats" I'm so lost on the $200 date origin, I'm not sure if you'respewing truth or sarcasm lol
NIGGAZ KNW THEY CAN FRONT DATS Y I WAKE UP SAY MY PRAYERS N B LIKEFUCK A NIGGA IM 3hunna
I'm bout sue the shit outta TLC for this dum ass show... Wtf is a professionalMourner wtf wtf wtf smh
It's actually a knock on those who do it knowing they aren't.But yes, I'm happy now
Oh my god these bitches in here talkin bout hair.... Wish they stfu& do sum dam wrk
This morning in Sir Alex Ferguson's room** Wife: wake up its already 7. Ferguson:wat? they scored anothere one.
I'm not a cocky nigga, but I jus be feelin like no onecan really fuck wit me
Either Im losing my mind or ppl outchea be choosing significant others that look like their uncle, father,mother or sister. Kinda creepy.
But I'm an Aquarius, so it's in our nature to wanna bealone most of the time
aye real shit, Matt Schaub is not a accurate QB in myopinion. Just watch this game
dis ur homie SIX still streamin k104 all da every da frm D M I Crooked Letter Crooked Letter can i get a s/opla T James my Gold
That moment wen u take a pic of yaself and actually see wat females betalkin bout.... I aint conceited.
& u stuck up chicks wonder why the so called ugly & or fat girls getting all the good men its cause they don'texpect man to do everything
When Kobe gets the ball, he gotta make one move and go. Dont wait for the defense tomake his shot more difficult.
Too much salt will kill you! Guess that's why these haters keep throwing it on me lol I never leave the housew/out my salt proof vest
Yo, I cant believe this chick really just acted crazy like that. And came upwit some false bogus shit....
i dont know much about the career paths to get to the top in Law, but if its been your dream, stickwit it and Go Hard.
i cant tell u much right now homie bc Kobe & KD playin, but u gotta be encouraged and determined.Great success doesnt come easy.
Que: where yo frat card? it's on layaway I didn't payall my pledge fees yet
stroll??? Ain't that the shit they use to write on back in the day??Naw I don't do that
Yall gotta stop dividing yall pics into 2s and 3s. Ion wanna see thesame pic that many times
I'm a AKA see☝! I be like smh could have sworn they signwas a pinky but awok
What's happened to The Game coming on in Jan, no nonewants to wait til March
I will NEVER leave my phone in the hands of Shonaka and Tae again.They take a million pics
Tweeting and not texting back is the quickest way for me not to textyou back when you do
kicking it where tho. I'm confused and bish you have yetto tell me you here.
Don't allow your dreams to be shattered by a hater throwing rocks because they are afraidto chase their on dreams
Think ima slide to the game tomorrow and I don't want NO ONE beggingme for no free food
Need to get my ends clipped but a bih not goneclip all my hair off
Lmao girl I was too drunk to even remember tho. WasI extra faded or naw?
Tae got it so hot in here that my contacts damn near aboutto fall out my eyes
Out gettin my sis something to EAT before she head toWork!!" That's sweet Ju Ju
Oh and s/o to whatever damn sigma that was outside my window yelling and woke me up out of me sleep but its yo dayso be out my nigga
Boy you niggas be wiggin ova these hoes. Bustin' windows, goin to jail n shi..smh"sound like some female ish
I hate the words they replace curse words with in BET movies lol theshit doesn't make sense lol
Baby you my everything... you all I ever wanted...we can do it real big...biggerthan you ever done it
if I can sell my old iPad for 200 I'm a hollaat you about getting one
When people learn that Idc about what they think about me...I swear theywill be much better off
Lol and act of self defense it will be and trust I will be the only one who will be able to tell myside of the story lol
Y'all killing me tonight. But wait tae what about the next day when was deadaf with just straight niggas
Ik im tired so im finna go to sleep bet not nobody call me cuzu will go to voicemail
Me too Tosha I think he has someone mixed up cause only person had a drink that nightin the club was tae
MY FINGER ARE INCHIN,ITCHIN,ITCHIN FOR DAT PAPER . I AM AROUND THE CITY WITH MY CALCULATOR.IN MY ( FUTURE) VOICE
tHIS BITCH REALLY WANT FAME OFFF MY MAIN NAME AINT NO MONEY IN THAT laughat your down ass REBLOCKED
"huh" quote of the day/thought "the core of our ethics are theprinciples that define us" -wemac04
Dear females, if you try to fight a male don't be surprised if you get punched, because even though it'snot right, it can happen.
"when my daddy went to jail aint none of his boys came around or helped me out when i was down soits fuck them niggas now"
hiphop is in my blood just finished watch one of your old video make it funkyfor you still fills fresh
Its either you fuck with me or you dont, & if I feel as though you dont I'm not gonnawaste my time or breath"
do u need a workout schedule or u working all week." I'm off tues and Friday! I forgot whtdays I get off early
Amén, olvídate que si tienen FE en el Rey de Reyes van a ser sanos y recompenzados en esta vidao en la otra :)
Sleepy doc in da a.m. work in da p.m. hair todo huh busy day tomorrow
Happy Founders Day to the Brothers of Blue Phi or as Icall them my "siggies" !!!!!
Love???? Mfs cant ever say it right now a days sohow can they feel it
But wen i was in julian senior yr mf was goin nuts over aNipple im tambout goin nuts
Mane the spot was super turned up my nigga Row brung em out jank everywhere ifu missed it oh well
Im so n love wit this man.... I love his smile his swag his dreadsI'm ur I LOVE YOU
I don't really trust humans that much these days Hmm shit, fact of the matter is, i trust dogsmore than i trust humans
I think she tryna make me mad , everytime I see her she say where my BESTFRIEND ett ; I dont knoo& cudd care less .
aint really got shit to do i was only sliding if this nigga docwas going to this meeting
i have a date tonite....its with my bed,pillow and the t.v., that still counts right!!!
g the big ten the best conference so u cant be mad at these niggas for losing but theywait til the end smh
Happy Centennial to all the Deltas I know..s/o to the Deltason my yard ZQ..enjoy it
Let my people out them chains nigga i mean handcuffs time to man up put my hands up fuck u saying bruh cause im ablack man in a phantom
Were is the gurl black China tell ha I'm looking for her n my future voiceCTFU ! She Wants TETE
can't express what I feel for you! Glad I'm bringing this Year inwith you! Love you *Superman*!!!
CTFU , she a scary ass bitch ! That dick make her haverespect ! Heyyyy Naa !
Anthony ole Grizzly Bear Looking Ass Just Got Threw Hibernating Now Finna Eat The HseUp , Fucking Pig !
I need to find out where some more places are that's hiring...being at home not doingnothing isn't for me!!! =)
Now all I really need when this goes off is some food, soda, a good movie, and my man on myphone screen via Tango!!! =D
Some people call Justin bieber a fag but I think he's not there jealous cause his voicebut he's not them haters
Ain't forgot about my dawg just been sick as fuck and youknow how niggas be bullshittin
My Bestfraand Lost his granny today,he couldn't figure why she wuld want him 2 stay with her these last fewdays..He just cried right her
"If you dontdesign yourown life planchances are youllfall into someone elsesplan.And guess what they haveplanned for you?Not much.―Jim Rohn
Feel like shit, but talking to my babe, made my daymuch better I love him...
No cause We gone cut yo fingers off and fry Em.FYM so be prepared HOMES
watching the rose bowl, I like ball & phillips. That qb caight my eye vs OSU. Played a good game. Ilike both as pats. IMO
LMAO at the gt. I've seen them all. Dragon ball was drama, dbz was science fiction, & dbgt was a bunch offree time on their hands.
If you gotta argue nd fight over yo nigga he was neveryours to begin with!! -__-
do u want ne to come or not.. Dm yo numI dont got my phone.
ray is one of the greatest players, defenders ever! Even today, he can still play with the best ofthem if he wanted to.
. Lookin Ad Baby Sleepin Like Ah Baby Body So Amazin Drive Mhe Krazy Um Bout Ta Wake Uu Uhp Gurl IIWanna Sex Uu Uhp ...!
only team that won their wild card game on the road?! You've already provedyour point! GET THAT W!
. Dnt Even Trip Mfs On Twitter Sneak Dissin &&'d Dese Hoes Stay Taken Mhe As A Joke Like BytchIi Kill Uu Goofy .
I call it the charlie batch disease lol. Didn't he have red flags in the draft? He's ok now, butif it keeps happening, idk.
moss a good idea, but I wouldn't tell you to get reed. I think the defense isfine, they've found the formula.
. If He/She Is Who Makes Uu Happy Stay Happy Make Guhd Memory's Cuz Ones He Or Uu Fuk Uhp Uu Gne Wish Uu Had HerOr Him Bak . .!
I think chris bosh need to have the most shot attempts every night. Lebron should get 5assists to him everygame. Fair?
Swaggang Hitman I Think Im A.Goff ridein wit Two Bitches And My BluntsGone Make You cough (:
Good Morning!!! Sending a Special Thanks to everyone who was in attendance last nightfor the first show recording
Get Cha Mind Right Open Mic !! 9pm TONIGHT Purple Cafe 3964 Government Bld, Mobile, AL we are feat D5 Hosted by Huggy Bear
Open Mic TONIGHT!! Purple Cafe 3964 Government Bld, Mobile, AL Feat Huggy Bear Da Poet!! Guest Host2 Loose $7 Holla.9pm Sharp!
Get Cha Mind Right Open Mic. Tonight at The Purple Cafe 9pm. Feat Mz CarriMail. ItsErotic Night! Brimg extra Panties!!
Just waking up. .and it's almost time to get ready for work. .smh..thinkin of calling out lol
Abby while watching Walk the Line (again) "Did Elvis, Cash, Jerry Lee Lewis all tour together? Why wasn’t I alivethen?" My daughter is cool
Love is not finding a hand that perfectly fits yours. It's finding the one who is willing to hold your hands no matterhow unfit it may be.
"How I need you How I need you Oh Jesus, walk with me." My prayerfor today and this year.
"As a father, you are not first a disciplinarian. You are a discipler. Mom, your main role is not to makemeals, but to make disciples."
Yhu One Bitch Made Nigga Pussy Ass Nigga Fuck Around And Get Layed Down ThatsHow We Play It Nigga!
My best friend mad at me bc I told her the truth about this bum ass nigga bitch its my place to tell you to throw hisass to the waste side!
Up at work tired need to go home but if i didnt love my job i swear iwould of called in lol
See you the type of bitch ah nigga dont wife yhu come with two manyproblems and it aint right!
I think I'm the only one coming back on Monday like a re-re.I should change that. Lol.
I would enjoy seeing come back to WWE an piss in the face of ppl who dnt like tobe cool...spitting is gross Ha
bahhaaa! Il admit it I am.But I guarantee u his ass twice as bad ofF As I am.IKNW YUR NOT TLKN U BIGCRY BABY THTS PAS WHIPD
You Like Me YOU LIKE ME You Hate Me YOU HATE ME <> But Just Know im Going ToAlways Be Me Regardless. >>>>>
family is going to be with you Forever. Im going to hold my own self down i think i know whati did wrong hear .
Who cares how you haters feel!!! Still got my money!!!!! Oooooo all I see is$ signs, money on mind!!
This weekend I gotta get my hair n eyebrows done! I been too booed up n lazy lbs!!!Time to get it together!
So when a man want u with him all day everyday says a lot...Time iswhat I love!" It is
You the 1 I dream about all day, you the 1that I think about always!!!
Niggas are hilarious.. They scream "i like bad bitches" and kids mothers look like a pennywit a whole in it.."ha!!!
sike I just heard a nigga say that I dont lie to any1"he's 1 of a kind
I Would Let AnyOne I Messed With Go For Her! She Assumed Me Of A lot OfShit That I Wasn't Doing
So, are we just ignoring the sorry looking fish dish? This has given twitter(and me) so much joy.
We do not believe that in this country, freedom is reserved for the lucky, orhappiness for the few." Amen
It's crazy how I really like my ex boyfriend so much butI can't tell him smh
UGh ITS bEeN a LoNg tImE Coming babE hE jUst caLl seeHow I bEen doin :-)
A Bunch Of People Jumping On Notre Dame Band Wagon Tonight Cause They Either Tired Of Bama Winning The BCSChampionship Or They Auburn Fans.
Y should i get suspended i didn't thro a puNch nothing just askher to cum out Side
The eye is the window of the soul if the eye is dark great is the darkness dispell the darknesslet the light shine in
I swear man if iy anit one thing its another dis shit is trulygettin' on my fuckin nervs
Sometimes , i wish i could read your mind to find outhow you feel about me
:) měla jsem na mysli extraligu, tam snad plexi je :) Jinak díra u ledu je super, ale viděla jsem ji vNHL snad jen na jednou.
I wish someone will be kind to take me to themovies to see mama :)
Hoes be acting like they not a hoe I be like wtfhoe !!!!!!! Smh . !!
Ig Everybody Thought It Would Be Ok To Go Out andLeave Me Here / :
Me an dazy gone have matching bathing suits but mine gone be pink orblack or pink an gray
Watching the 1st Power Ranger movie w/ my babies.... I love watching movies that I used to watch whenI was little w/ them
haha I don't watch it at work I'm talking bout at home... I'm not a paramedic but Ido work at the hospital
I don't think ima go out this weekend... I'm just gonnastay in & do homework
you sooo right kiddo so make sure you treat your girl right bc good girlsare hard to come by!
Seen Vicki tonight! I love her & Tyrina! & Toya &Jasmine & Krystal crazy asses!!
you know what... I'm being nice today soo instead of insulting you ima justgone say "Good Day Sir"
Please keep my mommy in your prayers tonight as she gofor surgery in the am!!
If I could explain the misery I would right a song, oh wait Iforgot I suck at music.
You wouldnt put your money on the other guy if youknew what I already know.
If you had to choose between your girlfriend and winning the lottery? What kind of car would you buyfirst? A green sun fire.
Im still trying to understand Rihanna and Karruache role with Chris... To me both just play their roles an allare happy in the end
My hair is on the best flow right now excuse me if I swoosh myswoop all uppidy and ish
Its so awkward when ppl say "im going natural now " but i know my hair wont go straight like yours". Me: yes itcan! Them: it wont Me:oh
lls keep the timeline up in the left corner press menu then scroll andyou will see log out
miss u too!!!!!! Soon very soon i can seeee you!!!! And no babysitting ( you know whati mean )its ya bday
I LOVE HUCK ! But everytime you seem to like someone on the show they end up doingsomething that blow you lol
like i Love Olivia but hate her role as being a mistress, Cyrus is one of my Favs too but he irks me tooat the same time! Lol
Something have to give !! All i keep smelling while walking from lunch is pure piss and cigarettes.. Sodisgusted with outside right now
All of you would most definately enjoy it players our age and up ! You can create your ownteam or join another team.
Its absolutely Gorgeous!!! Today ! feeling like spring has arrived early ... But of course thisweather it'll ice cold soon
Lord Knows Wat I Would Do To Have You Laying Next To Me&& Our Son Right Now.!
Yeah I agree with that but for the winter I can deal, at lease its not snow andsame here business as usual
Umm its snowing and its really sticking hope I get home beforeit gets dark and slippery
Cat's eye might be the only bar downtown that has live musicevery night. Prove me wrong.
.on jesus im ready for WATEVAH im tried of dhese no training having asz niggah dats living paycheck to pay check .!
hmmm ya think? Can a chick be 2 busy and single not2 let it other them???
at piece with not obtaining a life goal??? I guess man...But everyone go about ish different(I'm a testament 2 dat)
I see what Thibs doing tho, he trying to temper expectations cuz his career is tied toRose...I jus hate the pessimism
Pre 07, in chicago there was no bruhz made under 30 I was denied membership for 3fucking years but I persevered.
no diss to the good bruhz Josh either, but he came in a whole year before and didn't get shit to pop..wehad the city on fire.
We wasn't on some fuck youtube shit! We traveled talked shit andgot to know the bruhz!
Yeah, she is ridiculous like her mother and should mind her own business!They will work it out!
Wait a min... this Cassie "Indo" track is pretty dope... Solangehelped her make a hit
Why do haters eat beans for dinner? So they can takea bubble bath lmao. Hater
I be so happy when i wake up from a bad dream....custhey be feelin too real
Damn. I haven't been on Twitter in a long time letme see what's going on
Why my dude just tweet: Are you Jewish? Cause you givin' me a look like Jewish this dickwas in your mouth. Lmmfao
Lmao Im goin to bed, shit really just blew me to the max cnt help but laugh cuz of course it'll endup being flipped on me
Special sunday shoutout to the old church lady wit the seethrou suit on P.S like the way yo stockings double up as abra too Stupid sexy lol
I'm gonna post this & turn twitter off. It's so frustrating that everyone says this yet knows nothing.I hope he gets better.
Sometimes i think you were you raised on a farm Cause you sholl know howto raise a cock. lmmfao
I think ima have 2 make dat one phone call, ndlet my bae know wassup.
When i get lonely I enjoy romantic scrolls up and down yourtimeline cuz you so sexy!
At ur best you are love, ur a positive motivating force within my life. And if you feel the need towonder why, let me know....
wish I could Come visit......Cali......I'ma get out there when I get my incometax tovacate.. Maybe we'll link up..
Excuse me miss but you need to stop being so damn sexy..... damn I forgot whatI was gone post lol
Can't wait to meet up with my boys, and at this PG-Hueytown Basketball game! Gunna bea good friday coming soon!
cfblive yall keep hollering fsu they beat clemson who only legitimate win was against georgia,who's notwhat we thought they were.
I had my gum blessed by an Angel this morning. Imma chew thesleeves off this gum lol
Amazed, I just downloaded and watched what I missed last night on besides thisis my new favorite show.
Its a beautiful night to have a beautiful dream. If I dream about that sexy gurl doesn*t thatmake you my dream gurl?!
I look at it like this. Even the Haters got Love for me. You know why?? Because they Love ToHate me. HATE ON PLAYA.
lol I will we need to have a nail day well I dnt need mynails done just my feet
See idk if it's Cuz we don't go to the same schools or our lives changing it's likeour communication all fucked up
if u got sumthin to say bout my child tell me nd not da net BC BYTCHU NEED UR ASS BEAT
25 people on this flight. My snoring will truly stand out.Nappy nap time. Peace out.
Aye ? Why niggas act like they toooo good to be promoters ? Never understoodthat... They make crazy money
I swear to God I was just thinking is that why Dae Dae calls me thatlmao" so you're just understanding
wats up rappers? Y'all still shooting hoops with me today? My mom made ox tail andcook up rice.. No pressure...
I got all these damn drugs inside me babyyy, They get me feelin likeI'm goin in a matrix
He's never with no other chick, fronting like he's slick.Cause it's levels to this shit andshe could never be ME.
I want ppl to understand I kirk because I hate weak and raggedy bitches not more so raggedy buthow they carry them sleeves
U kiss me on the lips at night and tell me how much you love me you hold me close andnever let me b lonely!
I Remember My Past How I Used To Let Shit Disappoint Me Fast But Now I'm Like Fuck It Shidd IGot Ca$h Ta Count Nbs.!
World Studies Teacher Wild Asl For Given Us This Paper To Type In Its Due Toma >_< I'm Write ButJust Type It In School.!
Sitting here reflecting on how good God is! August has left us but guesswhat, I have no complaints!
My Moma Food Be So Good Its A Guaranteed Fact That It Will Make U Feel Some TypeOf Way And Fall Asleep.!
Once I began to believe what the Word of God say about me,my life began to change."
I Be Ready To Punch MFs In They Throat OMS Thats Why I Always BeQuite I'm Bipolar Asl Nbs.!
since I didn't go to school today I guess I'll lay back down till I can findme something to get into
Just have to deal with everything an pray to get through it... You cannever go wrong with praying
oh ok I will try that out.... Well how do I ask for it if it'snot on the menu? Lol
I'm quiet but I just ride wit it. Moment I stop havin fun witit I'm done wit it
It's all in fun though. Everybody know light skin chicks withthin 'staches got fat asses
I ain't da prettiest nigga but damn bitch I juss said hello fuku mean its my job..
Lmfao...magnanimous. Nigga almost made me find a dictionary. I said fuck itand just used context clues
That when u walk pass Victoria secrets & a lady is picking up underwearthen you both make contact
Whatup, I'm cool. Just been staying out the way. How youand that lil lady doing?
Hairy pussy is not to be eaten, u can fuck it tho, don'tturn it down completely "
But for me and Noelle to be eating Krispy Kreme donuts this time anight lol we so fat
A nigga ain't never around when he on top! But will do everything in his power to bringyou down when he down
and how long ago was that? Lmfaoo. I been since I could remember now. . I could shed a tear I'mso happy for u lol
Just woke up from a nap I really don't know howI fell asleep that fast
saw u handling them bills today in u no where early.....lol....same shit homie.....1.....chicks always lookn for a pay day
coach trestman is just what the dr ordered 4 my BEARS! We owe minny 4 that crappy loss 2 themlast yr. Let's Go Bears!
I think you'd be lucky to get 5k, but even then what car would you get that's better thanthe one you have now?
Attention: All Mets fans send out tweets as much as possible 4 Cuban 1b Jose Abreu thisoffseason 2 become a Met
and I know u see me & his daddy textin u u r wrong for tht shit I hope u r think in twice and I hope uknow wht u r doin,,,
Why Tf Would U Call Him Mf I Just Said He Didnt Put ItIn Dere Dam Just stfu
andruz & kinsler r signed long term. I'll give u C Travis d'Arnaud & OF CesarPuello 4 SS Jurickson Profar.
Today calls for relaxation, pampering, eating.. a lot.. And sleeping morethan 3 hours a night
Aye My Girl My Girl she loves me. She hit me all the time my phone beringing of the hook like.
Watchu knoe bout stuffin bandz in a cerial box Tellin young'ns lemme know if theysee cops on the block
HONESTLY,I REALLY DON'T GAF ABOUT WHAT YOU THINK OF THE MUSIC I LIKE....YEAH I GUESS IM LAME CAUSE IONREALLY LIKE 2 CHAINZ?? DAFUQ...
Tuh the people that talk to me tha most, QUOTE THIS WITH THEFUNNIEST THING I'VE EVA SAID.
"BITCH I HOPE THE FUCK U DO YOU'LL BE A DEAD SON OF AH BITCHILL TELL YEW DET!!" LMFAOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
Marriage isn't for you. You don’t marry to make yourself happy, you marryto make someone else happy.
I believe in the millions of possibilities in this world but pleasingeverybody isn't one of them
Marriage isn’t for yourself, you’re marrying for a family. Not just for the in-laws and all of that nonsense,but for your future children.
Ill do all day if I could, put a lumber jack onand give you the wood.
People got 20/20 vision when it comes to YOUR problems, but be RayCharles to their own bullshit!"
If another person say I look like Ceaser from Black Ink immasmack the shit outta them
I swear yo if we get this ok on the bowl game shit gonna get real dark n scary fast forwhoever we play I promise!
you see this .. "hey mar my baby , I miss you" I miss you too.
Well I worked all summer couldn't save a cent. Gave allmy money to the government.
I don't got nun I just got something in the wayof me going up there
Didn't make it to Waffle House nor Ihop last night so I'm aboutto make my own breakfast
Somebody stole my jacket I'm scared to tell my mom " ayoooohow you loose it ?
I Woke Up In Some New Punani , He Woke UpBleeding Like Who Shot Me!
I Forgot all About Ask.fm But Go Ask Me Stuff I just put The link BackIn my bio Soo Goo.
I'm thankful for all the celebs and non celebs I have interacted with over social media the past several yearsu guys inspire me constantly
Success is not measured by what you accomplish, but by the opposition youhave encountered, and the courage!
I don't trust easily, so when I tell you I trust yu, pleasedon't make me regret it...
U have proved time and time again that you don't give a shit and you are too good to be over here so just saythe fuck where you st
Today I feel like oscar the grouch...looking for the nearest trashcanto hide in till 5pm.
I think I saw the meteor too but I thought itwas a stunt from !
People really never seem to amaze me. I get so sick of people only hitting youup when they need you
I swear college is useless I'm done wat that shit unless its freeand I'm talkin golf classes
ok I get off at 230 so ima come wash ifyou don't have any plans
ERETHING on sale.. They bouta bumrush the doors I jus hope nobodytries to steal anything smfh
Dum bitch jus said damn tyga been text Gucci earlier... You dum bitch tyga on the westcoast... Smfh I'm done yo
hell yeah or he ain't gonna make out." He goin killhimself if they corner him
Niggas a snitch on a niggaaa at work then somebody come snitch rite on them and den theybe sick ass shit lls
Dam U Aite?? Thought U Hung Urself Afta Yesterday"boy ya lost tobitch ya some shit foreal
If u tryin sell a iPhone call ur community CARRYOUT theywill geek off that shit
All I see on ig is pictures with quotes talkin bout niggas this niggas dat I'mbout done with that shit
Student loan ppl in my bushes so bad they got my first pair of shoesin they rear view mirrors!!!
Can't drink cause I got a scrimmage tonite be cussing the kids out and and get the arguing witthe dumbest coaching staff ever!!
I'm not rude if I call my boyfriend & wake him up cause hewill do it to me!
Don't play with me! & I played you at your own game& you hate that Idgaf
I'm already knowing when I talk to him he got somewords for my little ass
I need to go wash I don't have a clue of what I'm putting on omfg I have too many damn clothes & always sayingI don't have any lies
Cause I didn't know he called & I don't have a miss call that tripping spazzing shit I'm notfor it tonight at all
I'm so use to being lonely it ain't funny but a learning lesson I need to be with ppl datwant to be with me
Good morning; we wish u all w wonderful Monday may God blessings, mercy, and grace be with u all.Holy Spirit go out b4us in Jesus name Amen
Why we gotta steal my saying tho. "Slow dancing is how you catch feelings" I said thatsame exact thing last night
I didn't try to hold your hand g. I HELD that shit. Just likehow I grabbed that ass
Visit schools... you need to understand what is happening on the ground inorder to lead sustainable change.
Wow! Lilacs and champagne at metro.. One of the best shows i've seen. Jazz metal? And westill have Grails to go!
someone should make a website where they stream a go-pro camera that is attached to their cat, 24/7.They would win the internet.
Do you care? Do you love it? Your answers should be No and Yes, respectively,if you are Icona Pop.
Can't wait to open up my own store!! My boo be home soon andwe gonna get it together!!
Man it's hot as shit out here!! I see why I normally be sitting in my car and I'm 1house away fr bus stop!!
I was warned long ago by your friends!!! Smh.... Yeah change soon!!! U trip cause you in your feelingssmh really who does that???!!!
Who wanna buy d tape of rocko running and guwop kickin him in ass. Wit my house shoes on lol.I want 250k" I'm dead!!!
Then I got with Jazz, Bear and Lary and won chips in unlimited I was the manas a pup" FB huh
Solid that tilapia looked all that I b hungry looking atya shit u gotta chill
Yall do know mogs doing cuffing season for they 10th year str8 is doing thisALL THEE fuck wrong right?
Maybe I'm looking at Cuffing season all wrong tho...Maybe its supposeto be a revolving door...
depends on how u meet me...I simply don't care about a lot of stuff most do...so itcan come off as "chill"
Its crazy how common practice it is for ppl to exxagerate they heights...like 90percent of ppl do it.
Every nigga den taught sumthing to a chick dat she took over to her new guy...udeserve nothing from that tutoring...
I don't think Ye is ghey, I think he just aimmature lil nigga with talent...
and be honest, do YOU like a guy that would bethat passive and allow that?
sorry sheem, im over 6 feet and I never had to jump thruhoops...I only dunk alley oops.
I hate u phathom degree having niggaz too! Why even speak on it? Shit I don't even knowwhere my degree is located!
Sooo a Church chick just asked me on train if I attend church...I justmoved seats away from her...
Iono how it happened...but Herion is now back on the scene in theChicago in a big way
U mogs with no experience expecting 6 figgaz outta school blowme...who sell yall these dreams???
riding ya GF on handle bars on ya way to a date look more dum (couldn'tsnag the pix in time)
Package Bossman...I think dat was the 90s he was in the Louand estl skating rinks lol
Yall bet not be giving ANY money to a mog with gray hair playingon buckets next to road!
If anyone need a good furance installer for LOW fuck with me uknow I got it (info)
Imma speak on this perp that work at Lowes once I'm donedoing this grown up shit...
Maaan I ain't rocked a pair of wheat tims in hella...Icelebrate them coming back lol
I think 2014 will be the year of the Mistress by the waywomen big up Oliva Pope...
Great show tonight! Do you think you can send the furniture backwith Dr. Phil? Those ottomans...
haha I'm 23, its not forbidden to say for us. I remember kemba walker said it after the UCONNchampionship win. Surprised I was.
Im jus attracted to rough ass niggahs mane ,ilove a niggah thats bout it but still knohow to treat his ole'lady
They don't really want it with us, say they want it with us, theydon't don't want it nigga
man you should hv told me so I can give you your 101class lol"lol I should of
Ihate everything about moving" yesss me 2"the freakn worst" it will bover b4 u no it
109 hard "yes gawd"how u get up there so fast" I'maddicted and now I'm stuck
If you know that you Betta then the new girl that he on, go head & tell em now u gonnamiss me when I'm gone!!!
The thing that caught my eye is the same thing thatmakes me Change my mind!
Gettin my hair cut soon,,I need that contact,,.im ah need u to meet me in ya dm Igotta ask u somethin" kk
I been in the cut getting this money up! I miss my favoritetwins.. Y'all still out bmore?!
I have so much hope in a person ! Reality check : they will NEVER change !!! I'mnot foolin with it !!!
I have a problem, My phone keep shutting down by it's self what do Ineed to do..... HELP! PLEASE
wrd 2 the wise if u runnin a train on a jank dont evr B the nigga gettin head 1st cuz the head gone B wack cuxshe gone B gettin dicked
So u gone tell me by me bring a gentlemen and the man my motha raised me 2I payed for the pussy?
Just finished watching sleepy hollow. Its scarey funny, and same time. Its likeyour on a rollercoaster ride.
Why does he make me so mad and then make me love him again? Is that the emotional roller coaster everyone singabout? Excuse me but damn!!!!
Happy for the Jets. They are gonna need all the helpthey can get this season.
Why is it always the GOP who wants to shutdown the gov? Cry babies! Sore losers. ACA is goodfor many and the pocketbook.
Today was really good. I'm so happy to be alive and well. I'm really grateful for all the many thingshe has done for me.!!!√√
My daughter washed the dishes for some cash. Once she got paid, she said "i'mrich and in getting richer"!
If u can't afford to fill up ur gas tank at least once every 2wks, don't buy a SUV.
About to finish cooking on the grill and chill with my wife anddaughter and watch my birds
like you see code words and stuff they use to talk to they man or howthey hide who you are
Man if I have roommates I would make sure sex sounded like a murder scene forget beingrespectful you gone hear that
I wish I was on this show, I'm all about marvel and I'm one of thebiggest nerds in Indianapolis xD
The only people I owe my loyalty to are those whonever made me questions theirs!!
I got three kids and I told them we gonna make it out the Hood and I rather die beforeI take my words back
Take me for who I am if you don't like itsuck my dick...." Well damn
These Vegas stories wild as fcuk!!! "She say she was dipping chickenfingers in ranch buttaball NAKED!
Oh well Sneaker Con was dope.... Now LOOK LOUNGE is where uall need to be 2nite.
Imma be gettin hella sex dis wk since Govt workers aint got no jobs. Feel like a18yr old on Fall Break!
I AINT REALLY REALLY TRIPPIN.IM JUSS GON WATCH N SEE HOW DIS SPANDS OUT (SITS BACK,KICKS FEETUP,N PUTS HANDS BEHIND HEAD)
My lil freestyle: u ah ok rapper,but i aint snitchin U JUSS MADE DAT MAH HAIRLOOK BETTA DEN YA BITCHES.
Ooohhh snap!!! I aint goin tmr cause i gotta go tuh daeye doctor (dances like Carlton)
"meek mill rap like he came home n saw all his shiton da porch" JSJSKSKSKSKSJJDDHH LMFAOOOOOOOOOOOO
AND SOME OF THA MOST UGLIEST BITCHES/NIGGAZ I EVA SAW IN MAH LIFE WAS LIGHT SKINNED.SO STFU WIT ALL DAT "DARKSKINNED PPL IS UGLY" SHIT.
Wanna get blocked? Reply to my tweet wit a mixtape, song,or a video. I WILL FVCKIN JUMP THROUGHDIS SCREEN ON YO ASS.
kay next time i go tuh a m&g, IM HANDIN DATNIGGA A BOTTLE OF LOTION.
Parents: lemme check yo twitter. Me: ok juss give me a minute-logs out and deletes app-
lmaooo i been tryin fah like 3 months for him tuh see it but he neva noticedit.so i juss stopped trying
MEEK MILL RAP LIKE HE JUST RAN FROM THE COPS AND HE EXPLAININGWHAT JUST HAPPENED" ahhh lmfaoo
MEEK MILL RAP LIKE SOMEBODY ATE HIS LEFTOVER FOOD IN THE FRIDGE BUT THEY ALLSAYING THEY AIN'T DO IT"
MEEK MILL RAP LIKE SOMEBODY KEEP CUTTING HIM OFF IN THEMIDDLE OF HIS SENTENCE" CTFUUUUUUUUU
"aye ik yall niggaz heard dat pop dat dont stop song byfrenchy Montana WATCHU TWERKIN WIDDDD"
so you can ignore me and go with the same people? lemmespare my own feelings "
Hope tomorrow hurry up and gets here. Can't eat or drink after midnightis going to kill me.
I'm just wondering why you do have a Kentucky blue bike. They didn'thave a red one. Lol
Just lost respect for dicky v calling Arian foster a prostitutebad choice of words vitale
not sure if he smoking he denied it! But crack don't care who smokes it people havesaw the affects for years
yea it's super sad especially when I see cats who use to sell it smoking manwhere did you go wrong
Wondering what in the heck am i doing? What directions i need to take . Ready for Godto reveal somethings to me.
i didnt ask 7 i figured she wasnt interested, but i text 9 and she may haveto work. She travels alot.
Good morning. It's to early to be playin games like I'm a grown ass man to be dealin with lil ass kid shit soon that note swerve bitch
Think I'm coming down with the flu. I hope I don'tend up in someone's ER
I swear... All I do is fuckin work. I would killto have one Saturday off.!!!!!
I mean, you try to fuck ANY niccas girl but if a nicca like to many of your girlsstatus updates you get upset...
yea but not against bama and Nick saban. Saban my dude. He the type of coach who sayplay ball fuck everything else.
Idgaf wat a bitch or a nigga thank n fuck allat bstalkin kuz ya breff stank
Yesterday I would have saw 2 boxes but 2 days I saw the 2eyes stepping my game up
I so need a monster combination in my life! Focus on thosebands that make u dance
I love u but if this shit wins the oscar u will thank me ... Cause u know the the weirder the movie themore likely it will win
I never liked Gucci. now everybody sees the royal flop ness monster! He been weak. It shouldn't have taken his breakdownfor it 2 b known
Missed out on my whole lil "break" cause this broad grown ass in here sharpeningpencils like it's her job
I miss hanging out with my boyfriend when its all fun no arguments or nothing the timesI cherish the most sometimes!!!
Then off to my friend house I got some beer I'm about todrink till I pass out..
When I went to LA it was 8 blocks of homeless people and BeverleyHills was a block down..smh
My hair is bogus the gym really took its toll onit..it's sweated the fuck out
Im about to do something big for Hip Hop in 2014. Just remember.DAY OF DESTRUCTION!!!! Game Over.
I CELEBRATED 1 YEAR OF SOBRIETY ON SEPT 3. ON OCT 6, I'M GIVING BACK.. STAY TUNED FORDETAILS. I UNDERSTAND THE STRUGGLE!!!
A lot of the old school rappers are straight assholes. I would say names but why should I givethem any shine???? Fuckin idiots!!
I hat when a bitch txt me an ask me when I'm cme see her and I say u tel me and she say idk bitch why df u txt me forhoe fuck my whole day
It kill me when hoe tryin play da Niggah job and da Relationship an her job at da same time ..lolno her Niggah a bitch
It crazy why ppl say that gt sme good but 2week later tht fuckin that friend yea she a hoe Dnt kissher cuz that a hoe
Bitches be claiming they holding they nigga down but while he not around fucking anythingin sight we see y'all"
went to sleep at 10 now I'm up but I'm about toforce myself back to sleep
ok ill go today do I have to use it before I style my hair or can Iput it on it now
This show is all about what you talked about with another bitch at anotherrestaurant or park. The fuck
World war z was good. Didn't think it would end the way it did but it's getting me ampedup for The walking dead
I really need a vacation. I haven't been to the beachat all this summer wtf
- Misa always been FLY!!! Ahead of her Time- she created Ghetto Fabulous-- Stevo Don Diva Magazine
yes!!! Thats a very touching song, it gives me chills errytime I hear it. I know big bruh smilindown on u:-) RIP Mel
Dez hoes fo anyone n they know it, it's just dez lames niggas who don't see, dez hoes some hood rats n they it, Iknow exactly where they be
THIS herd 2 kids was living that yolo life at electric zoo. yall betterdo like bran nubian and
dude wtf lol IF YOU FUCK IN CHURCH YOU DONT NEED A RUBBA ,YOUR COVERED BY THE BLOOD"
don't discriminate on us little folks Ppl under 5'5 are shifty. Got to keep an eye on themwhen they are around me."
Im playing fantasy football with my job.. and I got the raven defense and rayrice… I'm getting points.. yesss!!
I was in health/gym when they took the towers out and my principal got on the intercom andgave a speech about terrorism
I be in the gym getting it in man.. When its all said and done twitter n instagram just gonna have to letme flourish in my nakedness
Talk to my student today about GTAV and I must say his description regarding interacting with the game hasme wanting to play it
I just read the funniest description of Chief keef "Keef, who has a mop top of noodling dreadlocks that hangpast his eyes shaggy-dog style
Lmao bears fans harassed tony d on twitter like nigga getyour mind right and believe
So how many of you culture snob niggas gonna change your opinion about Yeezus afterseeing that interview now huh?
hopefully its just the quality that threw me off but he also should have waited until next year esp afterthe dope ness of 1
European wine just taste diff man… I was over there a month and a half and drank daily at random and neverhad any bad tasting wine
It totally threw me for a loophole when it came to whatI thought was my preference
Straight cooln.....in relax mode....this cd is the truth......you got down on this one....... I lovekmichelle cause she so real
Rip Antonio I miss you, that shit crazy how you left so soon,save me a spot ♡
Showing of for twitter tht sht bigg dead cuh yu gone be feeling some type of way when I say Im donewth yo goofy asssz .!
I have an idea..they accept the $3m deal and just give methe $500k they disagree on
What If I Tell U That I Love U But I Got Otha Dudes . && When Im Not With U ImWith My Otha MOVES .
Going through old DM and shit on twitter thinking to myself I wasa freak lol back then
My favorite songs from Dreamgirls are Move, We Are A Family, IAm Changing, Patience, and Dreamgirls.
I wish I had more hands so I could give all thesefootball posts more thumbs downnn
What the deuce. .. I hate the smell of spray tan...this shit gots ta go.
Lucky I ain't have to grow there I would only go there cuz it'sniggas that I know there
I Wanna A Sew In Now.. So I Can Flip AndSwerve Ahaha Im Funny Af
Goin to schnucks to gt every flavor 32oz power-aid 2/$1 lol judge me..but u probably want one
Feeling dwn ..but this chocolate cupcake is gona make me smile :) lol judgeme all u want !
Dude plz dnt say anything ignorant to me ..ur the one who looks silly smh I cant live inpeace in the world lol
I can't believe that the Bravo network didn't bleep finger when he flipped Madison thebird on that photo taken.
be sure to bring it by the crib 1 day during the week so I canbe the only 1 here
Some of you or all of you might not read this but my dream is to make it within the pros and hopefully withme live streaming it'll help
Statistic show that 99/ 100 men who text back K getfriend zone by a woman
Why does my last day of work before vacation have to be so damn stressful im going to need a goodas massage after thid day...
Confession Thursdays: if ur ass had a 100 bill in it, could I give you changeto go wit it lol
man Turn Up.. dm who you gotta to be non angry..that shitcauses gray hairs and wrinkles
going to Charlotte for the day Saturday. But ill be here tonight. I needto find something to do
Aww, look at me trying to stay loyal asf & Niggaskeep talking to me !!
Music stimulates your brain's frontal lobe, increasing your attention span & ability toprocess explains alot about peers
I need a big bottle of patron. And a bag oflimes... Ill be all set
Sometimes a person don't know a good thing even if it was toslap them in the face!
Miley Cyrus is campaigning for that black card and that line from Jay wasa boost to her ego.
Some people in this world hate others for no reason that'swhy I say fuck em
I hate when my nigga spend the night I'm always no sleep game dating fatniggas Tuh damn stop snoring
Ok enough of this jay z .. Let me play this newjuicy j track real quick
If Zimmerman walks, black people will be mad 2 days then will forget all about it.Fake ass civil rights activist
I am not about to let the past repeat itself..... ugh the ShitI have to go through...
I Don't Care Bout Nothing But Me And My Money, We Never Breaking Up. It's Team US. No OneWill Ever Come Between US.
Then they want u to b committed"same thing with these young boys thoughbut they lie about it
Pitt defense is trash. Not taking anything away from Winston but hell I prollycould throw on they defense
and lame as fuck! Except Leroy, u can tell he a real nigga,even CT wants no problems
two Wands max 3 if u on good behavior I will be carrying all cash andcards for both ... Lol
I see y'all tryin to get blazed !!!but y'all ain't even try to offer nobody none,the saying is "puff puff giveMOTHER***** and get high !!
Ughhhhhh I wanna go to my bestfwenddd funeral but I don't have no way... Sleep Tight See yousoon or later: ( R.I.p
placing the blame on others other than looking in mirror is alil unhealthy...everyonebeing wrong instead of self?
I got the biggest smile on my face because of you and all yo beautifulness justbeing all beautiful and stuff.#saturdayromance
Chris Tucker might be on da buttas bc u cant still be funny for allthese yrs. He got tendencies.
Can't we all just get along?? There's enough room for everyone. I stay in my own lane. So why arethey still worried?? Never Ends
My lil vacay was much needed! My mind didn't run AS much...nowit's back to becoming a
But for real tho....if I find the nicca who brought Svedka to my cribima kick they ass out.
Leave me the f**ck alone thats what you better do..funerals stay on schedule.. I don't even care about thecharges ,if they ain't federal!
I need a sugar daddy!" they take good care of u "that's Wht I hear! Shit
Why would you be screaming for your life and your armed and he's not...thatmakes no sense to me
CBS I would hope that Big Bro would do everything in its power to get ridof this RACIST AARYN girl.
the best one is her and her sister got the same baby daddy.And aint een know it!
Nothing more disappointing than having the feeling of major shits. Running to bathroom. Covering seat and nothing butloud ass gas comes out
Sooo all the ppl that worked for Securitas been let go from CTA huh? Where all the "badbitches" gonna work now? Lol
How You Got A Nigga Wit A Wheel But Ya Ass On The Broad Street Line Ya Pussy Must Not Be ThatGood For A Car Ride
I'm not sure the storyline will go that way, but who knows. There is always twistsand turns on that show
Ppl without responsibility or don't have nothing to lose will pull u down" try to anyway !!!
For the record Bruhz CAN'T HOOP! Also Techies are socially awkward. I have accepted both sterotypes althothey don't apply 2 me
Like ya don't understand no matter how much bs we go through thismy straight nigga 4real 4real
I have heard some ppl (women) try to say a 3some was 2 guys and 1gal...but ok cool...clear now sir.
I miss the early 2000's defenses and I want to seethem again. Should be nice.
Relationships end because once they have you, they stop doing the things that it took to getyou in the first place.true!
Think I'm bout to go order this 2 $20 with anappetizer just for myself" greedy
U eva see a mog in a car and ur 1st thought is "I hope dats hisbaby momma whip"? No? Nvm
Sustainability is sooo SEXY! Not a lifestyle but a way oflife for those with style.
Im ready to eat mean while im on a mission to find ppl who want tobe models for my hw
If u gone be my ole lady we RIDE R DIE them hoes cross you illl jump off anhit one in the eye.
Lmaoooo !!! One day ima flame Jordan soo good ...he gon let meoff with it ..one day
Hi I'm dejhanae love 101it is so fun to be on tweet and tanks for all of it andbey form dejhanae love 101
Everytime I get Chinese, I like the first five bites then Iwanna throw the rest away
And you "I cant wait till shit blows over so I can get back to jokes and bullshit..." types arereally irking my damm soul
Don't invite me over your house if you don't have AC.."realshit imastand yo ass up everytime
lol. Lol,! Yu so silly ! You needs be picking some ofthese THOTS new weave !
Off work. Budweiser connect called with a bunch of free beer. I don't drink that shit anymore butu can't beat free! Lol
that's just my due date only 4% women have their babies on the actual due day,im just readyfor him to be out
Confession Thursdays: I like sexy ankles and I can not lie. If you got ugly ones pleaae do not applyLmao. *song in my head
World of Tanks Xbox360 beta is alot of fun, but so far its much more simple then the PC.hopefullythis just for the beta.
hey if ya talented u will always have a job in my eyes...or am I taking supplyand demand theory 2 far?
EXACTLY my point!!! GZ himself said on the 911 tape "he's running now". TM was afraid & running awayfrom GZ. Also GM told
These kids are picking up on my vibe I gotta find away to turn this around...
I feel so dead without my phone but finally got some music soim managing time without it
Got me like dam, where my homies Fuck it, it's jusme.. Can't hold me back
I just suddenly got the craving for chilli cheese fries afterseeing a picture on facebook
If I call ur phone how u dont answer but text were they do thatat lls" lol they busy
Just booked deb for her charger I told her I was coming back downhere today yea aight lol
kaman cant protect the rim tho, they should shoot for a younger bigwho main focus is defense.
I hear him in the background talkin I jus put a big ass coolaid smile on my face
I Have Another 3 Bed Room House Brand New Everything Section 8Ready Inbox If Your Interested!!
7venCity LIVE 4th of July Hookah Bash at Midnight Kings (318 N. Charles St) Powered by X105.1 Radio- Ladies free before 11
This juror is pissing me off. She clearly sympathizes with the ignorant belief thatall black people look "suspicious".
If someone tries to constantly break u dwn ..wat does tht mean !? U envy me or jealous ..ion boast noram I ignorant ..idk .....
What's up with this Mia girl? Is she a crack head? I need for them to revealthat on the show ASAP
I would be you know how y'all act so good look oryou jut make it yourself
Fuk wit me wrong take me out my zone n ill nock the mutha fukin snow off of yo cone my niggas man itstank in this bitch mus
i want to know what is going on in the world, but all the news cares about is thisbaby. get over it already.
Lmao I'm on a drought so the next nigga that I have sex with, WE GO TOGETHER cause I ain'tWith the drought life "
Over this designer talk on my time line....you buying that shit off of acrack head it's voided G.
It is not America's duty to intervene in other counties civilwars. Obama needs to chill
yeah I kno So Jalen was doing the line to and I hope they dnt give yu nothin long hopefully they doyu how they did Jewanna
Any OC that calls a running play up the middle on third and longshould not be coaching FB
Omw to My doc visit better have good news I can'ttake no more bad news
Yet Again Didn't Do Shit For My Bday Man This Shit So Fuckin Crazy Everything I Wanna Do Mfers Can't Help Or Join In ButFuck Yal I'm Good .
The point is 100$ is a big difference to a lot of people and many don't carefor kinect or want it.
Wheres the farmers market in Como? I need some fresh greens in mylife."u aint bout that life
Good Morning. God's plan for your life far exceeds the circumstancesof your day. Be Blessed.
Man I remember my homeboy burst in an abandon house whensome crack heads were fucking.....
New haven strap hangers are rude an obnoxious. No one offers a pregnant woman aseat on a train! Assholes.
People claim they want to work and need jobs but dont take the job when youcall them. So fuckin stupid
Finally up from my nap, guess i will go hang with my moms until turnup time with my girlies
Eet yellow bone thank i call her honey mustard that damn lilwayne crazy as a bih
I have tried it and while not the easiest thing I have done realized it can be solooking forward to the challenge
I think I'm gonna go through my clothes again on Friday and see what I can sell.I need room and space
If u love a girl just get her pregnant. She might not stop being a Hoe but at least she'llhave to text u back"
Want on the hubby to come back with the loud and finish thewashing and clean the house
Cuz it makes a differnt. If u think Like to spend money to take u out just becauseI would need background info...
Would you walk away from 4yr-10.5m guaranteed overseas to play on a 1yr-1m contract in the NBA? Questionfor my bros that hoop...
Im tryna take this shit over next year.. I got a plan!"Aye Bro you still SSU
Black ppl gotta have a cover charge, high ass drink prices, cover chargegoes up every 5 minutes..
everywhere has them on preorder I've been trying to buy some forthe last month or two
Lmao mfs sayin Chief keef n GBE still at da betawards at the metal detectors
I see how they do it in the D feed you lobster ravioli then put you out to stay with granny..well grannyJoyce im on the way
At the end of the day a niggah will be a niggah and if you play with me i will show thats something you should know atthe end of the day
shut up you ain't trying to go. Tickets are too highthey are 500 right now.
Aye I'm mad at u putting me on this show and its only 1 season! U know I blow thru series like acrack head thru insurance money!
This country is foolish when it comes to our justice system and morals! We care more about freaking animals morethe we do human beings!
I hate wen she say o wen i tell her i love herlike wtf who does dt
Blacks will trade drake to the whites if white girls stop saying yolo.Whites reply H.Y.F.R" so wrong
fa sho and I normally don't thats whats pissing me of more I think.. and thats100. Appreciate it my dude
Lmfao I know the crowd like nigga please PLEASE don't stage dives/o to the remix !
"It's only led me to complete awesomeness at all times. It's only led me toawesome truth and awesomeness. "
naw, but I think imm check out "the killing" on netflix next.What's dat Donovan show about?
lol your welcome .....and besides u not mentally ready if I did fuck u.....mfs gonebe mind blown fuck sprung
u preaching to choir chief, I had a chevy corsica and gotgood action in it lol
just touched back down in dat SC... Tryin to find somethingto get into... Any ideas?
lol ugh yea for free... Nobody payed for that album yet ...links were posted that night and flexplayed it a min before
But wait I really be up like my phone be popping on something the lil 4-5 people I talk to everydayis sleep and at work
drake lies he 2 emo not to make new friends..its ok ill be an ear lay ur burdens in my dm box, the doors tothe church r now open
Being GAY is the ONLY sin people focus on. Cursing? Sin. Sex before marriage? Sin. Sins are sins. Y'all toojudgmental. that's also a sin.
I am so gratful that God is speaking and I am hearing. Ministry is all inme and I must do.
Im tired of dis shit man im gne im leaving fuk dt shit she want me gneanyway man damn ha idgaf
Lil wine got me feeling some type away!" Yoooooo I'm mad the bar not open theywas good as shit" yesssssss
I just randomly held my hand up to this dudes muscle in the gym .. His shit is thesize of my hand man...
My *** been hustling tryna make him somethin, aint no tellin what he'll do for the paper.... This song is dumbbut i be boppin lol
I have to much for respect for Rachel Jeantel on the show. Shetells it like it is!
Slept like a rock for 4 hours. Now, I'm wide awake. Thelife of an insomniac *smh*
being the best boy band ever and making me feel better aboutmyself! Love you guys! <33333
hi Nuddy imy" jazzzzzzyyyyy come holla at me 2mar u been MIA"I bee chillin I will
People like to categorize HipHop as Old School or New School. BULLSHIT!!! The categories are eitherGood or Bad. Wake Up!!!!
Have you ever noticed ppl say 'that's funny' when they want to acknowledge you tried to be humorous but don'twant to say you failed
Dorian a true nigga... He been homeless twice (aka sleeping on his girlcouch) and got two girlfriends
I see you singing 90s tunes on my timeline..would you be interested in listeningto a 90s RnB mix?
I got my fit for Toma u can catch me on the beach man with agallon of 1800 real tlk
Bobby Brown made the room awkward for like 5 secs ..smh...addictions really are bad lol
I done lost alotta ppl in my life, I mite miss em from time 2 time, butits all in Gods plan.
Sorry but is one of the realist niggas in CHIRAQ I got everything bro droppedwaiting on this jeep music
At work and Josh jumps up and says he has to go to the bathroom. Mr. David replies with,"do all the right things."
It's the first of the month, rent is due. If you don't have nothin on the table. You ain't gotta worrybout being a dog catcher..
After i heard that booty bandit shit in facebook i feelin love wit his voice
next thing u know he go back to his desk. I came over and said "stop all dat playin in public". He steppeson my shoe, I slapped
I'm so lost when I log on now...emojis and new lingo and shit. The world move way toofast for Kim son now
I didn't believe HOV was coming to bham until it showed on ticketmaster. Because yesterday every city but bhamwas showing. It's on there
Wish he hurry up so I can go to sleep haven't been in his arms in three daysso u kno I'm hype
What's more impressive, a team that beats a whole bunch of cupcakes and makes it to the championship or a team thatbeats 7 top 25 teams?
Karaoke w/Reggie Kelly Sat.; July 27th Limelight Inn; 408 Ingleside Ave. Catonsville, MD. Good food &drink prices, great sound system.
Have yall ever looked at somebody and be like they funny looking but be porno sexy at the same time.Or is that only me?!
Find it funny tries to defend , last person he TRIED 2defend made him look LOL
It's crazy niggss I was fucking when I was broke say I'm acting funnynow...we all gone eat b
What is going on??? My home was broken into. Lawn mower stolen.Oh yeah......2 Tim. 3: 1-5...
Tennessee fans bragging about recruiting class when national signing day ain't until next year. Decommits will beat an all time high
I wish he say his toes pretty again , omg :: he insults mewhen he says that lol
Maneee I Swear lovee Tf outa MyGirl !: thatss my Mf baby !, shee mine not yoursnot his or hers, MINE
She Always Takin Bout How I Sit At Home All Day But When I Get Asked To Go Places You Complainin Bout HowIm Always Tryna Do Somethin
yeah, the endings are so great, I want to see what's going tohappen in the next ep.
I liked ciaras performance 2 & dats bout it bt others wasnt bad. Wish asap rockyperformed & others I guess.
See my life,its like a seesaw, and until I move away,this weight is going to keep me to the floor, travel withme through my deep thoughts!
I spoke 2 him briefly this morning, he said he Wuldcall back, but he hasn't.
George Zimmerman was pulled over for speeding, and he had a gun inthe car in Texas today.
if I wasn't so cooped up in apt I'd go with you been trying to makethat move for two weeks
You are one of those moms that love your kid's extra hard! But you have to let your son be aman with his own relationship.
Florida fucked up the Bush and Gore election, Casey Anthony, andnow the Zimmerman trial smh"
Up early watching UFC I ain't the one for this either dude looked like his leg broke when he gotkicked in the face lol
hit em with some of this roses are red.. Time freezes and Iget goose bumps rhetoric lol
How Most Guy Prepare A Text To Their Girl: "I Love You." *Erased* "I Miss You." *Erased* "Can WeTalk?" *Erases* "What's Up?" *Sends*
Just found me a new boo at chipotle! He gave me two scoops of steak anddidn't charge me for double!
damn.. so what Jalen have to do wit it cuz I thought he jus wasjus doing the loud thing
This year ian gone be on that dum shi ,skippin class && shit,imma stay focused sothem grades a look right
Mmh ..Dr. Dra supa fine ! Its more his size n height than anythng ...gotta thingfor the lineman figure lol
wait 3some? Or Menage? Cuz an invite to run a train is cool or what eva...but don't thinkI turned any Menages down...
I never wanna go back out there to many fake tough niggas I fuck around n try to rob everybody lmao.I be outta town die
Thought I'd be able to clean out my car but the machine only takes dimes wtfkind of crap is that
I don't know of any women that wants to be single, so when you ladiessay "I'm single by choice"
A Guy Can Cheat & Fix it & Make A Girl ThinkSHE Did Something Wrong!"try again
Ugh folks blow me with that mess. When you busy living your own life you don't have timeto worry about other folks
Fuck I look like , & I bet my mom won'tsay shit about it .
Mann ppl still in they feelings like damn how long ago was that again. Lhh buti aint trippin they lose
If you Google what white ppl smell like its gone come up wet potato chips and mayonnaise. Lmao. Imnot making this up folks
there was no lol...plus i was referring to what you said, notyou, even though its true
I got viagra emails heavy like a month ago...I thought u niggaz had jokesand messing with me lol
well i dont know about those streets where you are but my chipotle is full ofyuppies and professionals on lunch
Didn't have to do much for meals in UG but steal...aint proud of it, but meal plans was goneby Thanksgiving and spring break.
So what I'm getting from my TL is that April reallyaint bout using a phone
Two of my homies fighting and they both acting like kidsso fuck both of them.
MASS APPEAL GO HARD DAT SHIT GO DUMB! DATS WAT THE FUCK I'M TAMBOUT CASS KEEP SPAZZIN ON D'S GOOFAS FUCK NIGGAS ECSP WK-MZ
It amazes me how ppl get upset wit me all I didwz ask a question tuh
typo. That should have said GZ told investigators that was not him calling for help in thebackground on the 911 tapes.
I thank God everyday my parents gave me a beautiful name , cause some ofyou should consider changing yours.
Ok now let me do this album some justice and hook it up to the speakers and take it to the lab....Stay tuned for my reaction
If I could have it my way everyone I ever have or will interact with would just listen 2my music at least once!
HAPPY 4TH OF JULY TO YOU AND THE FAMILY TEAMERICA STAND THE FUCKUP KEEP. DOING. YOU BOO
She know wht she want she got her thoughts together, she know she bottom bitch sheknow we gonna ride 4ever
lets schedule for this coming Tuesday...at the Evergreen AppleBees so we can payrespect to the Plaza too.
Still spots left on the The Skybox's FFL. Sign up and get a chance at a $100 Visa Gift Card. Send meyour email to sign up.
I don't c how sumone can love sumone dat don't love dem. Im sorry bt my selfesteem is alil higher than that. I bliteratly on 2 da next.
Lowkey half of you talking about struggle meals ..your parents were just having a lazy week anddidn't wanna go grocery shopping
I know there's a name, gotta be a name for this shit . . I just don't know what, don't know whatto call it!" My shit
Chip Kelly is gonna leave philly after one year and takethe USC head coach job
they got us waiting all day for a simple number or something.My patience running thin! Lol
fuck the S3 is so awful. How can you have a phone that takes 5 hours to charge but only holdsa charge for 45 minutes?
TODAY WAS MY FIRST TIME EVER HEARING ABOUT YOUR MUSIC AT ESSENCE AND I LOVE LOVE LOVE "BEST FRIEND " !!CAN'T WAIT 4 DA ALBUM!!
I can't lie I want them 3s sat but I can'tcop another pair of Jordan's"
yes she is way too jealous & possessive of Joe. That relationship will never mend if she keepsinsinuating herself in the middle
Since I work in the morning minds well get rest now cause being a work all day tomorrow I'mnot trying to be tired
I'm not the type to chase a female down but you like a itch I cant reach nI got to reach u
Fly to the Chi or roll thru the A? Maybe evencheck out AZ. Decisions decisions
Women don’t want to find a guy who will treat them good they want the person they are withto change and do that
she ain't eem fooling with black men tho so we wouldn't even haveto worry about that lol
Don't be looking at my forehead, chest area... Behind me. Look me in my eyesit's not that damn hard
It's crazy how much I hate feet but I let himput his feet on me"
BOY youu mean the WORLD too me, 'DONTAY youu all iEVER wanted& DREAMED of iLOVE youu
ME TOO I LOVE WENDY SHE IS MY BIG SISTER IN MY HEAD IWOULD LOVE TO MEET HER
I love this girl cnt nobody take that away tellin her i love her is something ill never b ashamed to saythis girl here i will
Watching Auburn and OleMiss game from 2002 on CSS. JasonCampbell andEli Manning were the QBs
Just so I'm clear claims 2 be a Member of DST and SGRHOat the same dayum time?
I wish could speak to alot of u folks about her work ethicand desire to be great.
I agree, fuck and get back to ya side of bed.Its 2 hot 4 dat!
MissSt on Saturday. Time for conference play. We've improved every week. Time tolay it on the field
Charlie Wilson White chick is off beat as fuck! But I bet heaint gotta answer to Shit!
It's no fuckin way I'd be driving a 06 range rover WITH PAYMENTS just to say I gottarange rover. Nigga are stupid
If you don't lose all your dignity when I Need A Hot Girl come on, thenwe could never be friends
I don't either but bruh . Everything that's running in my mindhave to be a sin
This trial is turning up the racism now we pulling the marijuanamakes black people angry card...
Let me explain wasnt that funny but it was funny...people be hypingstuff up way too much
I would like to know what juror b37 would do if her only son's witness was a Janteal whom he was on the phone withhim in his final hour.
Didn't mean to ruffle any feathers with my how much weight u gained since HSquestion...ok yea I did lol
Did clarinet duets together in Ms. Louis class." I played the drums thejoin wit three joints connected
loved the teaser video! Can I get more?! Hands down one of thesexiest men on the planet!!!
hello Steven A me and my husband love the show we set the alarms for10am here in South FL
Be commenting on my ig pics but wen yu see me in streets u act like yu Neva seen me lls... These social networksmake ppl weird ass shit!!
So the flight is "potentially oversold" but they will sell me an upgraded boardingfor A1-15 for $40. Hmmmm.
A couple days off to get back to football and lifting and to get your head straight will be good foryou. You need a break.
So my sup told me i can telecommute from another state. Wish i knew i hadthis option 3 years ago.
If Larry Langford wasn't in prison he woulda built that shit himself. Lol dudebelieved in making shit happen
Ex's who been 2gether 3 plus years still talk from time 2 time just no that unlessthey really hate each other
WHAT WHO DIS TAMAR OH HELL KNOW STOP HATE ON HER DAMN TEAMTAMARA. STAND. THE FUCK UP
Today would be the perfect day to be tanning at thepool it's a heat wave!
I don't knock the hussle...But do know technology always catches up...cuz they will pay a clown like me 2learn how to stop it.
Lol… From what I have read so far, it seems pretty good and a number of people have recommendedit. Hope your doing well.
If u seen what i seen u would sell drugs to if the shoe was on the other foothow could I judge u
I use to love McDonalds in college. Double cheeseburger value meals all willy nilly.Haven't had one since 09
Look at the troops along the DMZ. They'll be there forever. Then they're always trying toforce democracy on other countries.
I think the hood looks forward to folks dying so they can put out teddy bears and get together and drinkand smoke! Sad isn't it
pls save all comment til end of book...pls and thanks...den alley oopbook 2 ya Prophtyes lmao
"I'll take off my socks so she can take a look atmy pedicure." - Stevie J
Changing the world is going to take much prayer,advocacy for human life and commitment to change the mindset ofourselves to pass to others.
I run a D or EE, depending on who makes the shoe. For me, though I'm more apt to geta larger size. Try Zappo's.
Why is they talkin bout John cena during this match shut the fuck up king & that other guy wedon't give 2 fuck about
So they said banana give u more energy then coffee! " really I gotta try that"I was thinking that 2
People getting mad cause the iPhone download taking three hours. You and the rest of the WORLD are tryingat the same time dumbass
he happy as shit he got a phone gon tell me "bitch you got my number" i waslike he happy as shot
Ummm its Friday. That is all. Oan I needz me some more coffee.Who got on ankle socks.
Gmfu think I going to wash them dishes hell now got other kids and its noteven my go nigros trippy
in fact, I get a little irritated with Usher sometimes. Seems to dance more than sing.Want my singers to sang!
I no for a fact hoe! As a matter fact justleave me alone & carryon
AW OK KOOL I FEEL U DOE I GOT A INTERVIEW FOR BUGER KING 2MA SHID I HOPE I GET IT I NEED A JOBASAP BUT I STOP SMOKING
- I jus feel hella hard nd people was in the hall allicould do was laugh !
- He said " whats 3×3 " She said " 6 " im weak af whre df didshe go to skool at
He know how to turn me all the way on Lhh kissing nd bitting on my neck nd feelingmeh & ^_^||
If you ask God to renew your mind, he will change your entire life.... thank youfor a great word ...
I personally think memphis has best squad in west. Best defense in my opinion, playsdifferent style in the west.
what team you think most likely wants to get another 1st round pickthat can trade with NE?
I don't like the first pick either. I would rather have clemson WR or woods, or acorner or jesse will, but
Fina go do a client dreads ..gitta dress appropriate cuz I kni rhe whole hood fina be blowing n choosing ..Iaint goinjus getting this bread
i live in detroit, my boss bought some tickets to see pistons, but against bobcats, raptors etc. Can Iget a heat game! Haha
BB & saban are so tight. I'm wondering why BB didn't take jessewill & barret j. Knees?
dh12 lost me as a fan a long time ago. He needs tobe very productive this summer.
Deng has 5 Fouls so its a wrap for him... Boozer too.. But thatdamn nigga Butler killing us
25 grand for a guitar ??? I only get 20 dollars a week for allowance. Gonna tale me foreverto have enough money! Xx
I kno I dnt fit that "picture" so we jus having fun ..you'll be myfriend for life tho :/
growing up to be mature is good but don't grow to much.I fell in love with the boysfrom x factor remember that
Im up ..barely slept at all ..damn ppls decision can really effect your piece of mind ...been havingmini dreams all night smh
Fake love comes and go when you are in need if help..real love comes and stayswith you through hard times!
Educators cant control classrooms ..not because of ADHD ..but because of a lack ofdiscipline in the home. .
My views on marriage have not been that positive as of late.:-/ Sad, I know... *smh*
I love Mellow People all that loud Sh*t For what tho???? But I Will turn Up Quickif you take Me Der
He know he know the game he ain't no lame He know Im gonedo the best I can
you're not the only one confused and I'm trying to but itdoesn't seem like it will
prayin 4 u Dominic..if u need a ear or even jst 2 vent if no 1 else is there 2 listen i surely will...staystrong 4 u & urs
I hate to say it but talking freaky doesn't excite me anymoreits just like oh okay
That Shit Was Foul As'f! My ass was cryinggg & them folkss didnt have tosay shit us! Fuckedd Up
Tears are steady pouring from my eyes. I hate that I haveto go through this alone.
I Hope He Okay! Im Finna Go Home & Get In The Bed & JusstIDK! My night fuckedd up
You can either love me or hate me , wateva you do it wontmake me or break me..
I gotta 30 and the numba that come after 8, left of one shot fromfive, take off his face..
Lemme see wusup with this Westwood College. O...and The Famous soul food spot nearCamp Creek is on point!
I love it when i get off work and come home to my babygirl she be missing me
naw bra she came at me like she always do and i shut her fat kneck ass down u goelearn bitch 2 respoect people
not a thing..but what's wrng with not gettin one? It's a healthy hair type thing, not really a I'mtryna to impress you thing
WHY DO YOU FEEL THE NEED TO TALK ON THE SPEAKER PHONE WTF I DON'T NEED TO HEARYOUR DAMN CONVO FUCKING LAME
French montana and his music are a joke 2 me don't even take bra serious..... Like how do u style kanye andying yang twins ad libs
It's going to rain in a few which means two goodnaps in one day lol
Bitches get fucked on the roof when I aint got nohotel doe ~ Big L
So I guess Mobile Heights the only one getting rain ....ain'tthis bout a B word
Got a long day ahead of me tomorrow finna call ita nite after the game
When I get back in here from work I got some rice waiting on me S/O to my grandmashe look out at times
I done pulled myself together just to wrap my hair back up& get in the bed
Anyone ISO a DJ for Sunday Father's Day? I'm available. Call me 410-645-0495; M - F,9am-5pm. I do Karaoke too!
What ever happened to those nice men that made that song "White Tee"? I'm tired of ppl looking at me funnywhen I play that song
I was at the show when they last had Nas....he was on his knees in the rain performing OneMic and niggas was booing"
WHY IT HAD TO BE THAT WAY YOUR WRONG DEAD WRONG TELL ME HOW HOW WE. CAN WE GO ON SEVEN. HOLE DAYYES I LOVE. THIS. SONG
I read dis tweet of women stress,& I think women shuld think alot more cuz maby if dey did dey culd solve sum deyown problems & b happier.
I aint gone lie,sumtimes im scard of being myself bt wanna kill those who make me feel dat way though its my fault btcant help who I am
We do this EVERY summer jam. Think of scenarios where Hov can come out.We used to this shit."
Rammstein is awsome.These niggas hav guitars wit flamethrowers aleast 20feet of flames wen playin a fret.Imma trydat on july4th if possible
most people compared the andrew luck & rg3 draft to manning and leaf. What was ryan leaf like andhow do the two compare?
if yo lady got one, you prolly need to add to your game. Vibrators and dildosshould damage a niggas ego.
I wish I knew how 2 erase personal messegages I sent in regrettion. Yea I regret amessage or 2 I sent.
I'm hiding in the grand canyon fuck it, ima make it through theese 12 hrslol. Gotta hide the car.
what channel are yall on today, I missed the show yesterday because comcast said there was a baseballgame on. What time also.
Nigga my palette has been spoiled ..I can't come back home and make the same pastaafter eating this italian authenticity
Wait wait did i just see someone tweet and say j cole albumis better than the yeezy
Mogs keep asking me where my people are from..I say america and there like no before they came there..Damnit I dunno specifically where
in all honesty, any top 20 QB would be great with Larry Fitz. Carson did throw for 4000yds if I'm not mistaken.
Bay was arguing me dwn when we have a baby if its a boy he gone be ajr.NO THAA HELL HE AINT
In other news Paula dean hired the real life Olivia popeto fix her situation ..
i was gonna initially do the 4th but now i gotta wait till mymoney is back in order
Ion fckk wit to many bxtchess ,cause these bxtch these dayss eithaa fakeor messy ,if not both
Shout to angela for remaining professional ... You know her and bow wow discussed that red carpetinterview prior to it happening
Ian scared to tell NOBODY i love my boyfriend ,it is what it is ,canthelp who uu fall fah
So , Over These Niaqqa'ss ! It's Been There Done That! I'm Faithful To Mine
We use to be talkin bout stuff && ppl aint knowtf we be talkin bout
My momma Is Up In The Kitchen Listeinqq 2 Daa The OMG Gurls ! I Thinkk SheStill Drunk From Lastniqht !
Lmaoooo ,nawl hoe ,yeen smackin shit ,only one touchin my ass is KENDRAVIUS , && hoemy ass aint sloppy neither
Is it wrong for females to use a nigga for pleasure ,??? I mean niggasuse females all the time
Ian trippin i was finna put ha out ,call another busy body bringha in && work out
Quint Jerry and Marlo Want Me Ta Come Ta B.C. RainThey Needa Come Ta Murphy
lol causee man i was new to thaa shi ,yah kno .?,but i gotchaa li'baby !
But I just always keep stuff like that to my self but sometimes doingthat fucks up my days
Go To Bed , Wake Up &Go back .... My grandma work hersaggy shyt better den yu
positive it's not yours - cooked in. I had a dream (nightmare?) about it last night. Yes - this isthe shit i dream about
awesome! Enjoy! If you have some free time you should stop by for a glass onthe patio. Super cool place.
When we was all in our feelin earlier he was like "&& thats why ima marry you && spoil thaa fuck'chaa,jus keep holdinme dwn like you do"
ion kno ,yours that sunday && mines that thursday ,my mama said shemight get me a room
I wish i had app to let me kno who ne askin these questionson ask cause i swear
I am such a huge fan you are a amazing singer and a role model to everyone maygod blessed you on everything.
That was my first time seein my mama && daddy argue like det &&ian like it AT ALL
People only look at the bad things but they don't recognize allthe good u have done
Looking for my baby a new bedroom crib set ugh it's not easy to do somany options to choose from
ion even know why u keep putting stuff on here but u juss made statusabout a nigga u miss
I'm happy it's over. She went from in "love" with bill to his son. Went after a takenman and killed his baby
oh! I haven't got that message but I'm getting off ofit my bill already high
Chief Keef told police it's a fast car that's why I bought it.... Ican't be mad at him
Can't believe some bitch ass tried to call my insurance company and say I was involved ina hit and run. Foh
I want your energy to take control of me, I go to sleep Isee you in my dreams!☺
If back in the day they had Gatorade in glass bottles... I think theyshould bring that back lol
everytime I say it she call me gay lol" she told me but yours little jasI was like I no
I have to get breakfast I went to sleep hungry bc it was toolate to eat last night
click the burrito you want then do the drink... Put in promo code and then youput in the card number
fck u 50 , u a old head goin to matinee " this the best time! No lines and peace
I use to think about immature things.... Like. Do you love me? Do you want me? You gon call melike you said you would?
"I knew ppl was gonna go overboard They on there suckingdick and fucking "" completely !
& I got out here just In time to put my car on theother side of the street
For all my Greeks going to the AGP check out Greekedup Cobooth for your nalia needs!
everytime u don't get your way don't call u, u ain't a real friend!"Oh I'm not whore ok"
Bruh. When I walk in the pizza place I don't want to see yo asschomping on a pizza stick.
"Nas heard your single and he hate that shit""" I sure hedoesn't care Wht u think
Pop pussy baby show them niggAHs you ain't scared in here. Shake them titties baby shoe then niggayou ain't scared in here
This whole moving this is so frustrating. Cause I don't want a lease somewhere Idon't plan on staying long.
girl it takes me 2wks to wash by that time I haveto wash again lol" smh
I get so excited when I realize it's almost 4:00... Then I remember that Idon't get off until 5:00
Un petit chapeau rigolo, don à la tête, don à la tête. Avec un poulet jaune, en les poissons... Surun bateau, sur un bateau
Ctfuu! I'm saying & it's funnier cause we just talked aboutlame ass people doing that
I'm nosey sometimes Damn right imma peep when I think something ain't right fuck who do like it I ain'there to make u happy
Smh Pull, pull pull yo track pull them out your hair she gonna scream tillthey all fall down everywear
Ion even know dat broad...but she know...u cant be cool wit everybody nomatter how right it is
America is boring...I want something new everything is so repetitive...wanna be's afraidto be themselves, weave, ect.....
I'm ready for football season!!! The NBA is full of pussies who cry about everything ohh my how the gamehas changed over the years
All the Big Name Mob MF's got their money on a 7 game series..if y'all think MIAMI not gowin this game y'all trippin...
The SPURS aren't hardly playing like they did last game...I have never seen so many turnovers n my life fromthis team..hmmm I wonder why?
Really Jamie Foxx?! get your hands off my Jordan's WTF!!! He justset us back once again
This is prolly the easiest night to get some ass nMiami especially if they win!!
When Your Ex likes Your Pics On Instagram >>>>>>>>>>>> I Be Like YeeeeeaaahhhhhhhBitch, You Want Me Back
I hate to say it but a lot these niggas on twitter lame as fuck how canu possibly tweet that much
Damn I'm tired glad I only gotta couple weeks left my plant shutdown allof July goin to Miami
I got a pa day I'm use for work tires as hell can't go in todayplus it feel good 2day
Its crazy cause niggas lie to they HOES sayin they dont have a girlfriend buthave a whole one smh
The Higher You Go In Life The Less Noise You Will Hear (less people at the top) If Its To Noisy In Your Life TakeIt Up A Notch!!!LETS GO!!!
My Thought Of The Day: I Don't Make Many Promises But Here It Goes, Dear Life I Promise ToGive You My Best Shoot!!!
I hate dis clown ass nigga mane I don't believe shythe say smh lol rs
Spent the day with my youngest daughter, first it was ice cream, then it was shopping, now we r on theswings then off to dinner
The emojis I just sent Quinton. Kml, we think alike so Ikhe's qonna qet it .
You think that shit phase me? Luv, you was just a convo piece. That's it. You jumped to conclusions. Nowyou feel played... Oh well!!
I think It was last year when they chased that car toEC and shot it up
I love when the o's have a day game during the week. Listening to a baseball game on the radio and coding aretwo of my favorite things.
I won't say dat...cuz I know a lot of ppl dat didn't settle, but itdidn't take 3 months tho...
i may be dum, but im not the biggest jerk...nor the ugliestcuz u got that title
dat all goes back to accepting accountability of ones outcome...want the glorybut none of the blame.
I neva understood the reason for the differnt tracks...I just can't waittil they off my commute
I'm being true. I was expecting word dat Rose been killing niggaz bynow...nothing in the circuit. Nada!
well look at chu, u lil lurker...I already discussed with dion. I said I will doshow...Just wasn't for "event" sheesh
naw, i think i used the video the publisher had on website...its not dat hard...but denagain imma Techie 2 so....
I figga a few hussle pts should allow him to get a few buckets...but over allAntp give em dat work
im sure some goofy will settle 4 the win and wife her...or sheaccept his 4 baby mommas...
on this domestic ish rite now but imma move around after I hoop tho. I gotchu yo copy in truck
the min I sent it I was like...wait this Nate...den itwas 2 late. smh lol
that's how I felt about my baby bros...18 and 16 and they was my shadows and I changed they stinkydiapers. Both on twitter now
Why do chicks see a guy they use to mess with dats married and think..."Oh dat coulda been meif I wanted it" ?
I just seen a chick transform in front of my eyes as this dudetry to holla on my
Im talking regular white dudes..not the Jon B white guys....They just rarely considerblack women as an option....
No White woman dat eva had a A symmetrical hair cut can convince me sheneva dated a black dude...
Dare I go on a limb and say...That "Black woman sass" isn't asappealing as it once was?
I give props when due! I celebrate winners! But don't try to step on me 2appear deep 2 some hoes...
2 the fellaz dats and they ex girl know it andgiggles everytime they see em...
im on youtubing listening now...and if I have to TRY to be open minded to enjoy Ifeel im thinking 2 hard.
the Gov, tryin to pay both sides against the middle and make money...the Vampers Govtis gone now Billith here
I mean, nothing wrong with a chick with good poon andnot stingy with it lol
Lez ur a jerk ass! well u neva told me u read it...ubeen all redbone busy nshit!
A chick with a "Him" will go on a date with another dude and set up thesmash session with "him" afterwards...
90 percent of black women that work downtown over 5'9 lock eyes with meas I walk past...no BS
If Pop plan to "expose" LBJ jump shot worked mogs woulda called hima genius...let the heat cook.
*sets summer schedule* When KP playoff games? Hyde Park Alumni Picnic? House Picnic? Taste?Crunch Brunch Picnic? Bruhz Picnics?
oooh talk to Eb bout dat...she use to say she "wouldn't be 1 of dem women that flash herring" NOW ask her. HA
Aye imma be late to the HP picnic...prob around 5. But I still wanna ridein like purple rain lbs
hey as long as doing what u want yields u the results uwant. U doing right chiefette
I rather take a "fake" married person advice than a single person about RS, at least alevel of compromise is shown
a man that invest extensive time before getting what he want is calleda "gentleman" in women slang.
showing how easy it is to admit the failure can be ones own fault....I accept it and will strive todo better. Crazy world right?
And I refuse to believe I neva saw a chick breast feedand was only 1 staring!
I wish would have a groove so I can randomly rollthru..talk my shit and leave.
I'm Pretty, But I Am Not Beautiful. I Sin, But I Am Not The Devil. I'm Good, But I AmNot An Angel. -Marilyn Monroe.
Thank you everyone for the Father's Day wishes. Sending blessings toall the fathers out there."
Can't believe we get new consoles, New GTA, new BF, new Splinter Cell,Watch Dogs, AC4, Dead Rising 3,ArkhamOrigins b4 the years over.#2013
Word! At least she working. she's gonna have to work mad hours justto see any paper lol"
Bitches ain't shit! Females want a loyal dude but can't evenbe loyal to their friends"
oh no!!! I didn't even know she was there. There was noparking. Smh. I feel bad!
S/O to all my male friends and cousins who never sugar coated shit,always kept it so real!
And tbh I hate Yale lol I just like a fewpeople on my daddy side
A all doing school I wanned to fight Sam and mon but I tryed an wat happen my eyewas blue for two weeks
Me & your momma will make a salad and play in itlike it's a pool lol..!!!!????????
Can I just get a blow job fr the crack ofmy hairy ass kmsl Jp
-Chillin In The Dark Like A Real Nigga.!"naw that's some penitentiary shit gettinraped real nigga shit lmfao
If a bitch go to food stamp building and the security guard signsher in.. She's a whore
Light skin niggas upset everywhere about this new Instagram shyt"them niggasglad in the low lmao
I thought I was thirsty toward these bitches... But these bitches bethirsty for these players smfh
That nigga don't do shxt for you, but when he downtalkin a bitch you satisfied.
I've meet co gay ppl . I still feel that theshit nasty but they cool
Think ima have my 18th bday in Ohio. Then again It's gne cold as shit. All I knowis I want something big
Ion really believe shit people say I just been lied to so many times It'slike Fuck dat.Trust no one
At 2pm we will be giving away free tickets to the Graceful Hands Celebrity B-Ball Game atCass tech On June 29,2013.
Visit all locations for tickets to the celebrity charity b-ball game atCass Tech 6/29/13 powered by
Tyga & big Sean - I'm gone. The beat tuff I don'tlike the song to much.
lOl GA's Tornado Siren Sounds So Weak.! I'm Not 100% Positive That's What It Is...But WhatElse Could It Be? Smh
AYE LISTEN GOT AH SPECIAL ON TATTOOS BRING 2 SPENDIN 25 GET YOU 1 FREE NOBULL HMU FOR MORE INFO!!!!!!!!!!!
Bought to kick my feet up and sip on a lil drinkydrink to ease my mind
I can't lie when I worked for future care I wanted to work in housekeeping lmao... They swearthey had tha best job!!!
Pls tell y'all friend her braids looked fuck'd up... Keep wanting to twist them bigshits up in a bun
I am in no way Tryna rush to grow up but 21 and up just got more options then20 and under do lol
I need to try and work these too jobs out; well ifI get the other one
I need to find those pink 11s; wtf was I thinkingnot going to get them
Somewhere in the past week I forgot then entire plot of HarryPotter. Poof. It's all gone.
Saw one of those son of a guns in a yard on my way hometoday. Right near stole him.
I'd be a terrible kitty owner. I'm not home enough to keep it company...andsomeone else took it home.
Man fuck dat hoe man my nigga n dem had dathoe n the Bryan Frazier
Think about wat my life could b that's when I pourup n light this weed
I been listening to my SL bros all day...but not because they my homies theyjust better than you rappers
we'll u should have came to the beat person for the job...... Me but I see udon't fuck wit me nomore
My grandma told Eric he can spend da night knowing I was mad at his ass.......... Now I done slipped upn let him dtmf lbvvvvvvs
tell yo sister that you R a grown woman and U can make UR owndecisions... Thanks for her concern...
if U read both of the tweets... I changed it up forU because U R special...
- Ii Must Say Shordy Was Ah Complete Waste Of Mhy Time Shid Um Doin Wonderful Without Ha &&'dMhy BD Pidd Fuk Relationships
Sometimes the shit you fuck with, is just not what mylife needs to fuck with.
The only logical reason to watch basketball is Kardashian-related men. is that likepretending to like Downton Abbey?
If dis rachet hoe dnt txt me bck>> ima walk to haa housend slap haa ugly ass!
Teacher Got in a fight with a student this morning?? Now she is unemployed. Lost her job with only a fewdays left of school smh.
This lady is suppose to sing The Negro National Anthem but she just whispers to me " Idon't know the words" huh?
Its too early for the Drunk busted friday night club pics on IG right?Cause I just saw a.....
As Salaam Alaikum how can we help our children in public school tostop being funneled into prison.
you stop talking to me, & yes I Do. What you just made thatyou need a confirmation code?
Hey world gonna do some family time today. And I will Sneek in some schoolflow photosI need for my assignment.
I was my bro's graduation DVR'd it Saw the 4th & OT when we went out to eat No sound on thetv My phone & were
So i got in trouble for leaving work early!!! If i aint on thang is anotherwit mac and sac!!!!
Knowing that people in African were royal was a plus but didn't much for my own identity. Knowing that I'm ajoint heir w/ Jesus did.
Mailmen in the hood get chased by dogs and harassed whensocial security checks are late
People stood in line all night just be the first customers at the new chickfila inHamptonCove. It's not that deep.
My mom is in Miami getting ready to go on a cruise while I'm in hsv in theclassroom on a damn Saturday
Heat fans have NO room to talk about flopping unless you talking aboutthat bitch in the jersey
their spread offense is totally different. They are a pass first O. His blind side tackle isgone. Big shoes to fill
I just liked it for the documentaries but the same ones beenon there over a year.
No puedo dejar de iñpresionarme, por la necia actitud de vender tu patria a imbesiles, que ni siquiera han sustentado lade ellos, no a cuba
Every Sat, these people on the block opposite mine have a BBQ - Cool.. If only their WACK sound system didn'tconstantly give me a headache
big bro i need yu &wade &ray allen &bosh & shane & mike Miller play hard on danny green& Parker &Duncan & Neal
U gotta love that old wine-o in the hood I gota 2month update in 5min
Only God makes the rain fall and it's falling a lot in Queens, but I don't have to go out so let it rain, letit rain, let it rain!
I Seen It Wit My Own Eyes. Shit Was Real MyNicca Str8 Kilt Her !
Ghetto translation~Lemme Call you back = You have a great rest of the day. Talkto you tomorrow lmao ijs
Somebody needs to invent an alarm clock that releases the smell of bacon. A nukkawould never be late lol
If one more damn Mosquito bite me...... I know I'm Carmel and tasty looking, but I'm sure its some other fat ppl togo bite on wtf lol
You know when you wakeup wit so much energy it makeyou lazy. That's hella crazy
Pretty women wit bad breath. That's that shyt I don't like. Plus itstoo hot for that mess
Somebody told me that coochi had pork in it. Is this true? And if so, does it come in vegetarian also?!I'm on a diet Lol
If I was ur best friend, would you let me do all the things thatonly a best friend can?
I have a head ache having been to sleep in 2days I'm going to sleep so good tonight hair appointmenttomorrow Or cut I'm scared.
So I'm extra late I had no idea David Correy got a record deal. I loved him I was so mad hewas voted off so early.
U ask 4 my number..I tell u I have a bf..Ur response "SO, I like competition.".niggasain't got no respect lol
dont try this at home kids ...okay i will try itat my friends house then...
Wassup tweed fam? I have been up since 12 yesterday .lolsmh Alwayz gm ! :0)
My shoe game is so weak right now. Need new work shoes, running shoes, sperry's/loafers and reg tennisshoes. Must step it up
Dnt like ppl who smash or try to smash the homies. That's whack!Hands down! Male or female!
R U TIRED OF HITIN THE BEAUTY SUPPLY AND COPPIN THAT BLACK NO.1! IS YOUR WIG BUSTED DISCUSTED FRYD DYED LEANIN2 DA SIDE HIT UP
Feeling really anxious can't wait I hope God hears my prays and they releasemy baby help me lord
For once can I meet a handsome respectful guy tht DOES NOT SAG HIS PANTS !!!!!???? Tht is trifling...at least notsoo low ! Ugh !
If we say two forms of ID why the fuck wouldyou come with just one...
I thought I was making progress but I guess I was wrong. Smhthis is really bothering me.
Dude comes to the mall with friends. It's raining. He gets his car to pick his friends up in front of the mall..It was only sprinkling lol
I'm prob the only motherfucka on this planet that doesn't like hot doughnuts... Hate whenthe hot sign is on
Getting ready to get jog on this morning! I need to get my health back in order. I've been a bad boy for a while soI have work to do.
And as a shopaholic... I'm taking strides to be better with money... And I'm cutting up my credit cards andremoving them from my PayPal
See Ah Opp Let The Thing Blow We Checking Ah BagWe Dont Need Hoes !
Chilli cheese fries with jalapeños sounds soooooo good. Where can Iget something good like this?
Dnt cum my way fa nth Dnt hit my line fa nth fony ass fuckniggas u niggas is nth
Damn why aren't any of my shows on demand yet! I don't want to wait towatch them until next week
I saw Dr. King's speech in its entirety yesterday for thefirst time, I'm still moved.
A great day for the fathers. Add to the legacy. Or build a newone with your little ones
Taking precautions. Not every deal is solid. And might bring on lessons that u wished uwere patient to learn first.
I don't think it's hard to find love. I believe everybody are on different levels inlife. No need to rush
I feel like stiles might become a beta to save his dad judging by thepreview for next Monday :D
I'm still up, man world war z was pretty hood. It'sa good picture to watch
I believe that God makes NO mistakes and that everything happens for a reason...whetherit be good or bad
How u have somebody make a promise not to drink when they drunk tho? That'sjuss down right sneaky" lmao
It's way past my bedtime but so much on my mind thatsleep is no where near
I know I don't grew into my own when I allI wanna do is grind
I been giving him my prayers . He been blessing me with . And stayclear from all these hoes
I'm so fucking,(irratated)like everybody is fucking blowing Da shit out ofmy Life#im done say nomore:-(
Ive eaten Lou's and Harolds in the last 3 days. Diet here I come. I been working out but aboutto go in cardio overload.
People who know me know I been to hell and back andI can FINALLY say...IM HAPPY
Right.now I'm enjoying watching my grand children play, and my family are here assistingme with my new book
This cold making me about to pour me a drink cause I need to be wellfor this work week ahead
They're mad about the gov't tapping phone lines. I don't care. Idon't have anything to hide
naw working. Trying to get my priorities in order an get my money up so no extra kicking it andI'm going home in sept
He said you'd forget to pick yo' kids up, forget you'recooking, forget life basically lol
I used to be a ball of energy before class. Got there and felt like Ihad been up all night
I been meeting more girls that say "Im going out with my boyfriend"...I be like "SO WAT!"
I mean I know I don't have the best grammar in the world but I canput a sentence together ll
We used to go so hard on it. We were probably two bottlesfrom turning into lemons lol
I can understand like a month or 2. Not 2 weeks! I'm bout to be out herewith 1 big loc lol
At the end of the day, I cant respect or forgive the BaltimoreRavens for breakin RGIII leg
like i got alot of back& front thoo....he b wantin ah bitchdat look anorexic n ish
why u have tuh go there tho SOME OF US DONTHAVE AH LIE (RUNS AWAY)
Mindless Behavior Songs Motivate Me to Try Harder.So Im Listening to them Now To Get Threw ThiS 2ndDay Of School. Thx Mb
When did a national tour become a national tour if its notrecognized by the Broadway League.
no not yet but I'm getting close! I was in 5th grade then! I still remember lifelong affect you had thanks!
It feels good to wake up and not have any type of hangover and I almost relapse yesterday!I stayed on the wagon
Not having a good day today at all...but it will get better.Devil wont knock my spirits.
cus I ain't been on here in a minute, had to makesure you wasn't being grown.
That boy we try to get him some drugs any kind of way! SMH!!!!!! He don't carewhat person he will use!
Soooo how many Platinum albums had he produced.... FULL ALBUMS ...... After Aaliyahdied Timberland went no where
I use to like drake , but he confuses me. I prefer therapper drake, not the whinner
Everything I put in front of you to think about some choose think with purpose otherslet others think for them
Don't get it twisted I really don't give a shit its friday and people can royallyget the fuck over themselves
I mean that even though big and pac been dead for almost 20 years. They music still relevant. Theyshit will never get old.
Lebron is in facilitator mode tonite. The beast is caged. He'll get a trip dub andwin at this rate tho.
Dante can't talk I seen that video with that black fastsweaty girl. " lmfaoooooo dooooog.
I grabbed it and somehow got it off me. Then put my foot on his neck. None of the other snakesmoved but they were there.
u already . Its da truth." Already sis niggas anit sliding witt us thenthe clip riden on em
My lefthand anit been fukcn witt.me these last couple of dayswe bout to be beefn
The Citrus 7's, all black 10's, white & red 10's and the white & purple 10'sneed to come back out.
Would u believe me if I said that I liked u fromthe jump?? ...... because :-/
Like if you die and reincarnate... Do not pass go, do not collect$200. Go directly to jail.
its suppose to be an inside joke dummy. And yes" ode mmttssgw comeover I'm watching alake alone
Hopefully I'll get some sleep tonight cauSe I have to be atmy 2nd job at 7am
My next off day not until next Wednesday.! I work two doublesthis weekend back to back.!
Sometimes a lunch time walk is all you need to save yourjob and another mofos life....
My sinus doin thee fool right now. I'm about to grab this food, takesome mess and be out
My brother just called me and surprised me with some good news.!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Now Ican finally go to sleep
What if weekend services are not "The Game", but preparation for "The Game" that begins when youralarm goes off Mon am?
Are you expecting to hear from God or see Him at worktoday? If not, why not?
This class is too long especially seeing as I prob/hopefully won't even be in this city much longer. Butbackup plan is always necessary
Never SHOW A Man That Your A Good Woman Cus OBVIOUSLY He's Gonna Take Advantage Of It , LET HIMLEARN && EARN POINTS !
I always think why my fridge is empty but to be honest I know why itis :):):):):) I love food
Comcast stay leaving that threatening ass "we were here to pick up your equipment"post it on my door.
Sooo Why is My First Laydee M.I.A - No txt NoCalls wtf is goin on
… The Mfers I Fucked w/ In My Grammar && Middle School Daysx I Don't Even Fuck w/ Now . Mfers Den Changed ! ButFuck Em I'm Makin $$$
No Flo DIDN'T hold hands, bow her head in prayer ask The Lord for help andcuss in the prayer! LOL
Weird as hell as to why I wasnt hungry yesterday, maybebecause I was so tired.
A cross dresser with a great job or a good dresser with 2 felonies who hasn'tworked in 3 yrs ?
"Silver Lining" really Jackass? People could have lost their lives & ur worryingabout The Heat winning.How insensitive
I feel ya! I only ball when there is a tournament...still got game thou...lol. If u ever inChi city ill play u...lol
****ATTENTION EVERYONE I WILL RESUME THE OLD SCHOOL & HOUSE MUSIC WEDNESDAYS ON SEPTEMBER 4, 2013.. DUETO THE ANNUAL JAZZ EVENT...
Been bungee jumping, but I was bent. Don't think it's enough liquor in the world to getme to jump outta plane.
You wack if you decide against posting a tweet just causeyou running late for work
whatttttttt? You gotta lil one? Smh...babies having babies. Must be a newborn if youain't been pissed on yet
Its abt time obesity is recognized as a disease. People HAVE 2 eat, no1 has 2 do drugs/drink &both have been declared diseases.
Are you guys doing a tasting Saturday? Missed the first few &would love to stop by
Uh she wanted 2 recreate a Plantation Theme wedding because she liked thenostalgia of the period? WTF
Cheese was a taste of the nation silent auction item. Bourbon was fromthe F&W event last year.
let me throw a basketball and a stick at yo headand see if cry !
yes maam she/her/me do lol. Are you in the 615 yet?Cant wait to come visit
we didnt even say we was going . I just said i want it.U had hooters w/o me
I'm mixing up a killer Bellini. And yes - it isfresh puréed peach. As if...
Ima clippers fan off dump im just going for the pacers bc ion fw the heat
".. Don't believe the lies look me in my eyes , please don't be scared if me, pleasedon't be scared of me"
I can't w/ ppl .. I gotta remind myself everyday ,too continue looking Straight Forward
ALOT of people on twitter fronting and for who..cause when you get that ass whooping thats coming to you..they gonbe on here clowning you.
Been up since 6am LOVE, thanx 4 the wake up , I'm able 2 get myearly morning prayers in .
The women of have returned and they are truly giving God praisethat they have SURVIVED !
It's beginning to make sense. My Father was born on Aug 11. Hip Hop was also born on Aug 11. Pops was Crazy withwords. Need I say more???
my shit is "Streets Made of Gold" he went in on that one."<<Oh Yea that song I puton repeat when I'm riding
This Is the first time I've actually been able to watch tvin a long time ...
I Took My Flat Screen Out And Put It In The Living Room Why'llI Sleep In Here, Lbs
Dree The Only Girl I REALLY Loved. Rest Of Them GirlsIdk Were Not For Me.
I Need To Stop Getting In My Feelings Thats All, MfssSo Flip Floppy With Me
Happy Father's Day to all the fathers, men who aren't the fathers but play the role, & all the women who HAVEto fill in for fathers.
My Mama Finna Go To My Grandma House, And Miesha Finna ComeOver And We Finna Smoke
I made the suggestion to go out. Now that is time to get ready, Ichanged my mind. I'm terrible...
I hate when dudes say "maybe I'll carry you one day if you act right." How about I act the same andcarry myself. Good day sir!
Can't blame Rachel, I'm sure her mother speaks that way. The cyclehas to be stopped somewhere
now u see how a Nigga be feel in !?! But don't say fuckmee I been here woop
I'm just ready to do a video with French Montana NdKirk bangz no lie fam
Tonight was quite eventful. I did meet some cool dude. Its crazy that noneof them like girls. Smh
I like that AT&T commerical with the couple singing off that atlanticstarr song for some reason
Don't be around for the moment, messing with me will get you fucked if you fuck meover just for the moment...
I just look like this don't get it twisted I will fuck youup and leave you stankin.
That moment when autotext insist on putting the antonym of eachword im trying to type...
The moment when you wish your friend would loose because you wanna go home butthey keep winning every game
it got a little dry in the middle with those random storiesbut it picked back up
Cookout get the fuck on with that "my pleasure" shit... That'sfor Chik Fil a only.
wow that's a great story. Had to scroll down to catch the beginning.The ankh caught my eye
Dudes will want to fight if they think you looking at they girl but get mad when you tell them shemad ugly I wasn’t looking
Light skin chics spoiled because y’all dudes wanna eat them out and not hit nowshe think she the shyt
Hey it was good to see you again! Didn't get a chance to talkbut wanted to congratulate you.
I'm so happy for all the young men that was drafted I wish you allthe best with your career.
and you're gonna stop hyping Red Coat Tavern. I've had them both and Red Coatcouldn't come close to Cutters.
one time this man said he actually watched the show before wtf you get in the car for then ifyou know what's gonna happen
I wonder what reaction would be if Danny Brown come out to doTerrorist Threats with Ab Soul.
I hate an extra motherfucka. Change what I need changed and keep it moving stop askingall these irrelevant ass questions
no offense, but everyone is bigger than you. Lol. Gotta step it up and make it knows straws andbeers are not a couple!
it's nice to know my starvation yesterday due to a lackof shawarma humors you ;)
Any worker who prepares my burrito bowl will be adding steak no double steak charge and my bowl will have enoughrice. Not time for games
oh no butthole licker you go to school whaaa ? Mama (me) hasn't seen herbaby (you) in a while
Aren't they a little late with selling this chicken and waffle chips or was that theflavor that won the challenge?
They talk about makin 30k/month, But u dont sign up, and 8months later they in the samesituation they been in. Broke.
Wish I knew someone with a truck ain't eem tryna spend200 on a uhaul truck
Lets talk about how I went pee this morning and my damn bonnet fell in thetoilet. Pissed. Literally and figuratively
I been hearing these schemes since i was 18yrs old... I aint seen one dude closeto me become a "billionaire"...
Sometimes it's easy to let someone's negative opinion or thoughts about youmake you upset or frustrated.
of course... It's about ratings and money... Gotta go 7 games to sale tixand make money on comericals.
cleanser and benzoyl peroxide.: Im out of town and I accidentally left my stuff so my skin is kind ofmad at me right now
This panel aint got no jokes... No pranks... No arguments... Chuck,Kenny, and SHAQ be clowning.
you don't have an issue with it giving you raccoon eyes? Cause by the end of the day that'swhat I'm dealing with lol
I really need to make breakfast butttttt I've been lazy this weekback on it next week
Don't count how many new friends you can make. Count how manyold ones you can keep."
I take my charger EVERYWHERE! School Library Beach Mall Park Church Hospital you neverknow where a socket at."
Don't judge me I jus hate ratchet ass bitchez ! Like dat shyt not kool y u wannabe ratchet let me no
I Roll Up n these hoes be hating becuz I don't wont themget a life bitch !!!
yep i gave the bag back tuesday.. But now i think imcoming down with a cold
Im lowkey about to pass out on my couch... But before i do cani talk my shit twitter
the trouble with being my complexion is I get confused when black twitter disses light skin girls…amI grouped in that category?
Ok Im over all these Kendrick Memes man… you can't flood my timeline or instagram like its the rapesloth or drake walking away
LMAO don't judge me man I just like to interact with my animal crackersbefore they meet there demise
Bow Wow u cant get Ciara back... U knew it was over after 50 Cent got a hold of her. He got her on tapewaitin for u to slip
Juicy J has me throwing money at strippers this morning viahis game on his site
Wonder what the rap game would be like if biggie smallsand 2pac was still alive
A nigga rather be with the hoe than to be with the female who heldthem down...I don't get it
Telly hungry ass ain't going to watch the game she just wannaeat lol" don't do me
I always wake up hungry no matter how much I eatbefore I go to bed
Half y'all mfs ask y'all own questions on ask.me and answer them..I be knowinglol" lmao how you know
Getting your ass ate feels so violating I could never look at him the same again" have aseat under the bed bih
If a nigga don't like me he hating.." Naw maybe theyjust don't like ya ass
The things people say about me don't phase me, simply cause Itruly knows what goes on
Traci sweetie you don't come to a man with no he say she saymess on the first date
Been waiting on phone call for TWO days...damn!" It's safe tosay they not calling lol
Now how this bih get mad when she the 1 catfished my mans" that's what Isaid. I'm like this bitch
I wish they would build new dorms for the kids at A&M. Motel6 better than those dorms
I Can't wait to file these daycare cost on my taxes!!My Jesus its killing me!!!
My iPhone5 is looking rough. Just another reason to grab the new one whenit comes out this fall.
nigga was overrated at QB. And the other niggas out shinned him in scrimmage. He played in hstho. He should be good
At the Barbershop about to get this cut. I swear thisplace is 24 hours lol
Somebody on FB asked what was a good hotel to stay in in Vegas and somebody replied 'Circus Circus' lmfao that's likethe worst on the strip
Wowww really sum niggaz do the most....unloyal aint the word to it...then u wonderin why nobody reallyfucks wit you....straight played out
My next project is slowly approaching.. Almost there.. Second drop forthe year.. Produced entirely by
Ok yall we got a NNBT in full affect ~Nukka Needing Bus Tickets~ if you know or suspect someone of knowing who gotsome Get at yo dude
To test if ur breath smells, lick the back of ur hand, wait 5sec. If yo nose hairs melt.... yobreath stink. just fyi lol
Somebody told me that coochi tastes like chicken. Well, One day imma find outwhat chicken taste like lol
Ole I saw you and him, walking in the rain. You were holding hands and ill never bethe same looking ass. Lmao
Im so glad to be off work, I thought Darryl was gone have to slap a bytch today.I need to be touched.
We got 10 fingers. INDEX to point out shyt, RING for marriage, THUMBS for approval, PINKIE for swearing, theMIDDLE for tha HATERS Ijs
Wow Im overwhelmed by the love yall showing a brotha. It feels good to be loved. Im blessed to have a wonderful groupof friends. You gu ...
I just tripped of sumthing ppl dont even say grace no more. They just take a picture of the food then upload it toinstagram and fb. No lol
I think i want me a touch screen flip phone. Or a touch screenpager made by skytel lmao
Damn I must've slept weird cuz I woke up and my arm was stiff.....All three of them Lmao
Why you trippin I ain't even did nothin and you called me a jerk that's okay I'll take it this time but aye do me a favorcall me jerk o ...
Knock knock. Who's there? Ben. Ben who? Ben dover and I'llshow ya! Ha ha lol
He just txtd me this "Baby you may be sleep but I was just thinking about you ,I love you boo. "
It's 1:00am and I'm still up . Pourquoi? Smfh Tchao. I guess I'm going tobed unless He calls me.
I'm not cocky i'm confident , so when you tell me i'm the best, it's a compliment !
First thing a person say in a relationship bae we no matter what ! 3 months later they gonafter 1 argument tf bitch
Im single cause im ugly aab ""You dont know the struggle "I beugly on Tuesdays so ik
.Somebody told me So && So say I think I'm all that ! I replied back I know that Bx gonnalet me think it !
I pop off BY myself Bee-Leave-Zat !!! Ain't nobody gotta dive behind me I got me " well, im still iz ."
If you got hoes why u need me ? If u got mewhy u need hoes ?
, BROKE hoes will never get it TRYING to argue w / Me over a DICK catch your LIFE beforeit falls out the WINDOW
Hey justin imma let u know i love youre music im a big fan and i listen to your musiceveryday when i get up
Crichton Group continues to grow. Looking to add another Account Manager to my benefits team, please contactme if you are interested.
Seen two dead roaches on the floor while at returning equipment.Keep up the good work
Jus got off bout to turn up!!! It feels Gud to be a workin man again smh boy I tell u hmuif u got da number
Been using their browser app for some time now along with a good torrent app.. theworld is mine anywhere anytime.
El que dice que la abstinencia es buena no sabe de que habla. Es malo para lamente como para el cuerpo.
I love her to death but she still a hoe and I'm still a nigga soyou know how that go
But He Got One Moe Time To Hit Me Wit That JacketAnd Ima Beat His Ass
Never understood why 7 make their standard jeans with Buttons.... Wtf imma do ifi gotta piss real bad
I'm the only one out of my friends with cable right now;they not gone use me
Niggas be like "Babe, I can give you the world. She be like "Give me your phoneHe be like "Holdup uhhhh....
hey ill be needing some attractive chicks for my future projectshit me up if interested
I give myself a high five every time I pass a trooper andI'm going the speed limit.
Change is fo the good but sometimes change is fo the bad( only time will tell)
I need a Natural Hair Stylists in Atlanta to take careof my dredds...please recommend someone...thanks
I did write you back I thought you fell asleep on me !! How did I know youwould tweet about me hahahaha
Everybody check out my lil cousin C Watt mixtape on (you thought wrong) this young nigga unsigned and abeast on the rap tip
Ugh....ppl kill me when they say some shit and u speak on it but theyget attitudlem bout the shit
Kiddos are eating so im sitting outside trying to convince them everything going to be alright as long as weare together as a team
Well kids about to head to bed about to finish off sausage gravy and rice then shuthouse down for some zzzz
Watching on and pretty impressed with his transformation from selfish to family manand his relationship w/his wife.
llssss fuck he at"son he came out the creases and and was geekin askin 21questions for ur address lmfao
I Woke Up 5 Dis Morning Tweakin Like Pookie "naked sweatinlike u popped a Molly..
let me take my ass to checkers then go home I'mschleepy"bring me a big Buford
Jus crushed a whole steak and cheese wit the salt pepper thick cut fries with the bombest fruit punch Iever had... I'm Gucci now
Man damn u i bet i wnt say shit to u no mo on myma fuk dt ion care
Man i cnt take this ish tryna love someone who dnt een care bout cha n who dnt love ya bk n playing round wiffme man kick damn rocks
If u cnt trust me man wts d use of dis bruhfukk it dawgg like frfr
Man fuk it ion get her at all like wtf disjunk burn me up man
as soon as that mtf went up , & we was upside down - I was, & shai was laughin
First day of school imma bless my lungs then imma be friends with my teachers soI can get good grades
I'm still getting used to this life proof case. I have to hit the buttonsharder for them to register.
Waffle Tacos are a sign that we, as the human race, are evolving. We need to spreadwaffle tacos through the universe.
Mogs aint on twitter til about 8...Lame ass me up and doing work be4 Iget 2 work...who am I?
fam if u get to the Alter and u still in love with another...ura liar and a heaux
Whitley may be 1 of the reasons I neva preferred liteskin women..Dwayne was beneath her before he wentto Japan and got on
Aye mogs out here still accepting badly built mulatto chicks cuzthey got good hair tho?
Just thought about dat my lil bros don't know shit about popping the cassette out flippingit fastforwarding just to rewind...
on the flip side if I gotta fresh fade and dressed up and got NO extra eyes onme imma feel away lol
My TL is looking for trouble 2nite I see...u niggaz are the ppl my parents told me2 stay away from lol
Is a chick a "hoe" if she can't remember the name ofevery man she eva fucked?
So many big girls with natural hair that live for the"your hair is cute" compliment...
I need an assistant to take my truck to Indiana to fill up andget it washed at Kleen!
imma try 2 make ya groove, but my schedule is crazy rite now, u gonna bethere on time? Or nah?
Prob wasn't best idea to drink an ice coffee at 2 am. As if i don't knowwhat caffeine does to me
its way 2 early for ur hood rat tendencies to beshown over flaming hots bro!
2 all the old niggaz going to they old yard to"help" the freshmen move in...lol
I really hate u chicks dat think yall all that cuz ustay shopping at Forever 21...lol
good shit...I den got back 2 to it...I did a nakid jumping jacklast month and felt sumthing...
u brave as hell getting a car wash out west and uaint gotta cannon on u!
I wonder if she gonna be able to lose that baby weight...it still look fun andthick...just not her old size.
Have head phones went outta style? Mogs just play songs on they cellphoneson speaker like its normal.
she def been dealt some tuff cards...but in 15 years I don't think same excusesshould be used as 2day.
not JUST dunking...simply do shit EYE cant physically do. Running a 40yards in 5 secondsis NOT exciting to watch.
children can hoop and get same injuries. its simply I like to watch Basketball at afaster pace and greater athleticism.
the "homegirls" are complete send offs. What they really mean is THEY would be cute inthat outfit, not ole girl.
I totally get why niggaz give up and just play thesystem to barely survive...its EASY!
Middle of Illionis and mogs only got internet to pass theytime is the cause lol
no way in hell Stern in his last years will allow Spurs vs Pacers in a finals....he aint gonnaallow WNBA numbers on viewership.
we all have jumped into the Pool of Designer...once u jump outur neva the same again
in grammer school my teacher said the 1st form of transporation for humanswas prob dinosaurs...they believe anything.
it will take for the niggaz to be moved to burbsand whites regain the city.
I agree! So go obtain them other jobs if ur not happywith the wage ya getting.
What's wrong with holding ppl accountable for they own success? And I'm saying that asa Black Man in America!
U aint the shit until a Femme have u on they radar to provide herand her mate a child...
There is a 6'2 325 Pound woman that works near my gig...I bald my fist upeverytime she walks past me.
Regardless of its true or not shid thats my nigga ,if iwanna fckk him on a plane 3,000 ft in thaafckkin air imma do it
Imight not go ,igot hella homework to do ,its school first this year&& next ,so i graduate.!
My phone fell out of my pocket, and right into the toilet... At least halfof my soul has died.
All these hoes out here really think they snatchin, hoe yo pussy the onlything that these nigga smashing
"If you cant control ya edges ...I already know you cantcontrol ya nigga" " dfl
u better love me u know I have ur best interest in any situation !! U know tht!! Loveu 100times more!!!" I no!
Me: out of aaaallllllll these females why me? Him: I've never meta human being like you...."awww
I have a taste for some chocolate chip cookies, but be aside I can't have milktakes everything out of it!
because my hair is a mess ! & he wanna be all up under me ! He won't catch meslipping I do to much
I be hungry and I eat something dumb like a cupcake and messup my whole appetite !
Every time I think about him I think about all thebs & be like nevermind
My friend a bad dike & she ain't even know it!!"who u subtweeting yo " notu yo! The other Tarnetta
Back on My twitter BullShit. I don't even really mess withsocial media. Im working, daily.
Don't no why kendrick put this nigga sorry nigga Meek mill in the rappers henamed bra can't rap.... Cont
"Act right" who say that wack sHit these niggas wack don't do my west coastmusic u lame motha fuckers
At least I'm happy with knowing I'm always cooler than everyone else! Lmao,kinda kidding but not really
I love when you ad lip. If that's what you call it. In my singing group thats what we call it. But it's gospelso it could be dif
ISO a nice place to do karaoke or DJ music that has a Grown Folks clientele in Baltimore (50 &older). Contact REGGIE KELLY 410-645-0495.
Must be an establishment with a "Grown Folks" clientele; 45-50 and older. R&B, OLDIES, JAZZ,SOUTHERN SOUL/BLUES. NO HIP-HOP! 410-645-0495.
, so why i went to the store to get somethingg to eatt, i couldaa SWORN i hung up with ramone, comes back, nigga stillon the fone, like tf